Title: 360° Multi-Rater Feedback System (MFS)
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/360-multi-rater-feedback-system-mfs/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: D, P
Languages: Latin American Spanish, Romanian, French (Canada), Czech, Hungarian, Indonesian, Turkish, Serbian, Portuguese (Brazil), Chinese Traditional, Slovak, Thai, English International, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, Danish, Finnish, Norwegian, Swedish, English (USA), Russian, Chinese Simplified, Icelandic, Polish, Japanese, Korean,
Job Levels: Director, Executive, Front Line Manager, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = Untimed

Description:
SHL 360, or the Multi-Rater Feedback System (‘MFS’), provides a holistic 360-degree view of an employee by gathering feedback from the employee’s manager, peers, direct reports, and/or other raters.  By offering a wide range of perspectives, 360 feedback gives employees a more thorough understanding of not only their strengths, weaknesses, and development opportunities, but also their impact on others.  360-degree multi-rater assessments are based on SHL’s Universal Competency Framework (“UCF”), using our proven library of research-driven competencies to provide opportunities for managers, peers, and direct reports to supply useful developmental feedback that they may not otherwise share.  SHL can also offer support and training throughout the entire process, from defining objectives through interpreting and delivering the feedback.  360 feedback serves all levels and industries and is a positive and powerful addition to your performance management system.

PDF Text:
360° Feedback and Development 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

360º feedback and development helps you prepare the right people for the right roles and focus on the 
training and support they need to excel. 360 º feedback and development can help you: 

 

 

Identify those with leadership potential and construct a succession planning strategy  

Link individuals’ performance with business objectives ensuring the right people are in place to 
implement any future plans  

  Quickly identify and promote high performing staff before they leave the organisation 

 

Improve employee motivation, as staff feel more valued 

Job Family/Title 

All 

Details 

Average Testing Time (minutes) 

10 – 20 minutes 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

No Time Limit 

Maximum Number of Questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

Variable 

One 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Rating scale and open text 

360 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

In a 360º feedback review individuals receive structured feedback – measured against the needs of the 
business – from managers, direct reports, peers, colleagues and customers. Having a more objective 
and broader perspective on performance helps place people where they will be most effective. 360° 
feedback can also be used to identify what will be needed of individuals in future, helping plan their 
development and next career move. 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 1 

www.shl.com
