Title: Business Communications
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/business-communications/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: K
Languages: English (USA),
Job Levels: nan
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 35

Description:
This test measures the candidate's knowledge of communicating in the workplace.  It measures the skills necessary to communicate effectively with coworkers at all levels and with external business contacts. Designed for the average business worker, this test includes the following topics: Electronic Communication, Employment Communication, Listening, Meetings, Nonverbal Communication, Verbal Communication, and Written Communication. This version of the test is not adaptive.

PDF Text:
Business Communications 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Business Communications assessment is a multiple-choice test designed to measure a candidate’s 
ability to use basic grammar appropriately, use appropriate business tone, respond with complete and 
accurate information, and apologize when appropriate. Test items consist of situations that are relevant 
to a variety of industries. The intended population for the Business Communications assessment 
includes entry- to mid-level positions in various industries that require written correspondence with 
internal and external customers. 

Details 

Time Allowed 

Number of Questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

35 minutes 

30 questions 

One 

Yes 

Questions per Skill Level 

18 Beginning, 9 Intermediate, 3 Advanced 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Multiple Choice  

Administrative - Clerical 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 4 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Measures ability to effectively communicate in writing focusing on the following five areas of business 
writing: 

  Basic Grammar  

  Business Tone 

  Responding with Incomplete Information 

  Appropriate and Inappropriate Apologies 

  Responding with Incorrect Information 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

Example 
Questions 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 4 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 3 of 4 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Example 
Report 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 4 of 4 

www.shl.com
