Title: Customer Service Phone Simulation
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/customer-service-phone-simulation/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: B, S
Languages: French (Canada), Portuguese (Brazil), Dutch, Italian, Spanish, French, Latin American Spanish, Chinese Simplified, English (Australia), English International, English (USA),
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 20

Description:
As part of Contact Center Simulations, the Customer Service Phone Simulation is designed for entry-level positions in a contact center environment. Sample tasks for these jobs include: verify the customer or account; take ownership of customer issues; interact with customers to provide information; respond positively to difficult, irate, or confused customers; listen attentively to callers; resolve calls in a timely manner; navigate within multiple information menus to view customer account details and process information; and type information quickly and accurately. Potential job titles that use this solution are: Call Center Representative, Contact Center Representative, Contact Center Agent, Customer Service Agent, Customer Service Representative, and Customer Advocate.
"Please note that for Simplified Chinese version the audio is available in both Mandarin and Cantonese."

PDF Text:
 Recommended Candidate InformationCandidate :   Mr   Sample   Candidate    Email :   SampleCandidate05.12@shl.comAssessment Profile:   Project Name:   Customer service phone Simulation - UKECompletion Date:   05-12-2022Disclaimer :  Information enclosed on these pages is confidential in nature and is intended only for the person(s) to whom it pertains or other authorisedindividuals. You must not rely on the information in the report as an alternative to certain advice from an appropriately qualified professional. If youhave any specific questions about any specific matter you should consult an appropriately qualified professional.  Customer Service Phone Simulation - UKEInstructionsThis report is confidential and its contents are intended to assist in the prediction of an applicant's work behaviour. If you would like moreinformation about this interpretive report or other products that SHL offers, please contact your account representative.Overall Score3070100Percentile 35DetailsAccurate TypingThis measures the ability to accurately enter and process information into data entry fields while listening tothe customer and to type quickly and accurately, including proper spelling and punctuation. Percentile 5  3070100Compared with other candidates, this candidate is more likely to make spelling and punctuationerrors when typing. He/she may be more likely to make mistakes when recording information intodifferent types of data entry fields while listening to the customer. The candidate will often typemore slowly than other candidates or may take more time than others to correct typing mistakes.AttentivenessThis measures the ability to respond quickly to incoming calls, listen effectively to minimise the need for thecustomer to repeat information, and resolve calls in a timely manner. Percentile 24  3070100Compared with other candidates, this candidate may take more time to respond to incoming callsand resolve customer issues. He/she may be more likely to require a customer to repeatinformation to confirm understanding.Issue ResolutionThis measures the tendency to engage in behaviours that guide the customer toward issue resolution. Thisincludes identifying customer needs, educating the customer, offering mutually acceptable solutions,ensuring issue resolution, and anticipating future issues. Percentile 31  3070100The candidate is generally likely to understand or confirm a customer's stated need, but may notalways identify or address underlying causes. He/she is generally likely to explain options to thecustomer before making recommendations or taking action and these solutions will generallycomply with policies/procedures. The candidate is likely to effectively resolve the current issue,but may fail to confirm the solution satisfies the customer or anticipate likely issues the customermay face in the future.NavigationThis measures the ability to assist the customer by navigating quickly and accurately within a realisticsimulated contact centre environment. Percentile 67  3070100The candidate will usually be able to navigate multiple menus in a contact centre environment. Attimes, he/she may have difficulty locating the information menu that is needed and may workmore slowly than others when navigating through multiple menus. The candidate is likely toperform adequately in a role that requires navigating quickly and accurately through multiplemenus to find information or take action to solve a customer's issue.Service OrientationThis measures the tendency to engage in behaviours such as taking ownership of customer issues,advocating for the customer and engaging the customer using appropriate tone, positive language,sensitivity and respect. Percentile 88  3070100The candidate is likely to take personal accountability for customer issues, conveying a genuineinterest in assisting the customer and confidently reassuring the customer that he/she will dowhatever is possible to fully resolve the issue. The candidate is likely to communicate in a waythat engages the customer by framing issues positively, demonstrating respect and empathy andmaking the customer feel valued.
