Title: Customer Service Phone Solution
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/customer-service-phone-solution/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: B, P, S
Languages: French (Canada), Italian, French, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese (Brazil), Chinese Simplified, English (Australia), Latin American Spanish, English (USA), English International,
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 30

Description:
As part of Contact Center Simulations, the Customer Service Phone Solution includes a contact center simulation and two behavioral tests designed to measure a wide range of skills, competencies, and behavioral tendencies relevant for contact center jobs. The Contact Center Simulation provides an opportunity for candidates to interact with simulated customers in a contact center environment. Designed to measure a candidate’s ability to listen attentively to the customer, take ownership of customer issues, resolve issues, navigate to find information, and enter information accurately, the Contact Center Simulation is intended to measure how a candidate will respond in a variety of customer situations and assess the candidate’s computer skills in a contact center setting. The behavioral tests in this solution are intended to measure the candidate’s learning potential and the tendency to meet goals and work hard, even when faced with obstacles. Collectively, the assessments in this solution measure a wide range of important skills, abilities, and behaviors for entry-level contact center roles.
"Please note that for Simplified Chinese version the audio is available in both Mandarin and Cantonese."

PDF Text:
 Recommended Candidate InformationCandidate :   Miss   Sample   Candidate    Email :   SampleCandidate.05.12@shl.comAssessment Profile:   Project Name:   Customer service phone Solution - UKECompletion Date:   05-12-2022Disclaimer :  Information enclosed on these pages is confidential in nature and is intended only for the person(s) to whom it pertains or other authorisedindividuals. You must not rely on the information in the report as an alternative to certain advice from an appropriately qualified professional. If youhave any specific questions about any specific matter you should consult an appropriately qualified professional.  Customer Service Phone Solution - UKEInstructionsThis report is confidential and its contents are intended to assist in the prediction of an applicant's work behaviour. If you would like moreinformation about this interpretive report or other products that SHL offers, please contact your account representative.Overall Score3070100Percentile 39DetailsAccurate TypingThis measures the ability to accurately enter and process information into data entry fields while listening tothe customer and to type quickly and accurately, including proper spelling and punctuation. Percentile 31  3070100The candidate is typically able to type accurately, but at times may enter information with errors inspelling and punctuation. He/she will likely be able to correctly enter information provided by acustomer into data entry fields most of the time, but may have difficulty when the task is morechallenging. The candidate is likely to type about as quickly as most others and will generally dowell when performing this task on the job. AttentivenessThis measures the ability to respond quickly to incoming calls, listen effectively to minimise the need for thecustomer to repeat information, and resolve calls in a timely manner. Percentile 53  3070100The candidate is generally able to listen carefully to customers and work efficiently. He/she tendsto pay attention to and remember what a customer says, but may occasionally ask the customerto repeat information. The candidate is likely to respond reasonably quickly to incoming calls andresolve issues in a timely manner, but may take time to consider the best course of action.Issue ResolutionThis measures the tendency to engage in behaviours that guide the customer toward issue resolution. Thisincludes identifying customer needs, educating the customer, offering mutually acceptable solutions,ensuring issue resolution, and anticipating future issues. Percentile 62  3070100The candidate is generally likely to understand or confirm a customer's stated need, but may notalways identify or address underlying causes. He/she is generally likely to explain options to thecustomer before making recommendations or taking action and these solutions will generallycomply with policies/procedures. The candidate is likely to effectively resolve the current issue,but may fail to confirm the solution satisfies the customer or anticipate likely issues the customermay face in the future.NavigationThis measures the ability to assist the customer by navigating quickly and accurately within a realisticsimulated contact centre environment. Percentile 25  3070100Compared with other candidates, this candidate may take longer to navigate within multiplemenus in a contact centre environment. He/she may make multiple navigation attempts beforedetermining which menu contains the information needed to address customer issues. Thecandidate may take longer than others to learn how to efficiently find information to resolve thecustomer's issue.Service OrientationThis measures the tendency to engage in behaviours such as taking ownership of customer issues,advocating for the customer and engaging the customer using appropriate tone, positive language,sensitivity and respect. Percentile 76  3070100The candidate is likely to take personal accountability for customer issues, conveying a genuineinterest in assisting the customer and confidently reassuring the customer that he/she will dowhatever is possible to fully resolve the issue. The candidate is likely to communicate in a waythat engages the customer by framing issues positively, demonstrating respect and empathy andmaking the customer feel valued.AchievementThis component measures the tendency to set and accomplish challenging goals, while persisting in theface of significant obstacles. This trait is characterised by: working hard; taking satisfaction and pride inproducing high quality work; and being competitive. Percentile 10  3070100This candidate may be  likely to avoid challenging goals and projects, preferring to work only ashard as is necessary to complete tasks. The candidate may display little initiative and may tend togive up easily when confronted with obstacles. The candidate is unlikely to be motivated by peercompetition or ambitious deadlines, and may appear to lack an appropriate degree of urgency inapproaching his/her work.Learning PotentialThis is a measure of the potential for success in jobs across industry type and functional area. Candidates'responses to questions regarding developmental influences, educational and work history, and relatedvalues and attitudes are compared with response profiles from successful employees. These items aresignificantly related to a traditional cognitive test of learning ability. Percentile 45  3070100The candidate's score indicates that his/her responses regarding education and work-relatedexperiences are similar to those with average learning ability. The candidate should be able tolearn work-related tasks, processes, and procedures during the allotted training period. Thecandidate will be able to perform simple numerical calculations with ease, but may requireassistance when dealing with more complex problems. The candidate will perform at an averagelevel in positions requiring these abilities.
