Title: DSI v1.1 Interpretation Report
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/dsi-v1-1-interpretation-report/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: P
Languages: Portuguese (Brazil), Dutch, Finnish, French, Latin American Spanish, Norwegian, Swedish, English (USA), English International, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Danish, German, Icelandic, Italian, Russian,
Job Levels: nan
Assessment Length: nan

Description:
DSI v1.1 Interpretation Report

PDF Text:
Dependability and Safety 
Instrument 
Interpretation Report 

Name 
Mr Sample Candidate 

Date 
26 September 2018 

SHL.com 

 
 
 Introduction 

The Dependability and Safety Instrument (DSI) screens candidates for their fit to jobs and roles 
where: 

 
 

Strict attendance in accordance with regulated working hours and breaks is important 
Following step-by-step procedures and team work are vital 

DSI was also developed to provide an indication of fit to: 

 

 

Customer facing roles where it is important to attend to the detail of customer needs, 
and where dealing with customer inquiries and complaints are also important 
Safety critical jobs where safety procedures have to be followed strictly and where it is 
necessary to maintain focus on routine tasks for long periods of time 

 Feedback 

Feedback is at the discretion of the client. DSI was designed to be used as a screening tool, and it 
may therefore not be necessary for all clients to provide feedback. The user assumes all liability for 
the disclosure of this information to other persons, including the candidate. 

 Result 

Name: 

Sample Candidate 

Language: 

English - International 

Low Risk 

Moderate to Low 
Risk 

Moderate Risk 

High Risk 

Very High Risk   

Risk Scale 

 

The likely impact of a DSI score in the very high risk band is a very weak fit to: 

●  jobs in general that require step-by-step procedures to be followed, reliance on team 

working, and where adherence to strict work hours and breaks is important 

●  customer-facing roles where considerable attention to the detail of customer needs 

and dealing with customer complaints are crucial 

●  safety-critical roles where safety procedures need to be followed strictly and where 

focusing on routine tasks for long periods of time is critical 

26 September 2018 

DSI Interpretation Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 
© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

2 of 4 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Guidelines for using this report 

DSI scores predict the likelihood of a candidate being a dependable and safe employee.  However, 
and while DSI is strongly supported by a wide body of research on workplace performance, DSI 
risk bands provide probabilities and not certainties.  The information provided by DSI can be 
supplemented by other assessments looking at the match to specific job requirements, and by a 
structured interview. 

 The DSI score has five bands that reflect different levels of risk and fit: 

Band 

Interpretation  Likely Impacts (for work in general) 

 

Low Risk 

A low risk candidate is likely to have a strong fit to jobs where 
step-by-step procedures, team working and strict working hours 
are important 

 

Moderate to 
Low Risk 

A moderate to low risk candidate is likely to have a reasonable 
fit to jobs where step-by-step procedures, team working and strict 
working hours are important 

 

Moderate Risk 

A moderate risk candidate is likely to have a moderate fit to 
jobs where step-by-step procedures, team working and strict 
working hours are important 

 

High Risk 

A high risk candidate is likely to have a weak fit to jobs where 
step-by-step procedures, team working and strict working hours 
are important 

 

Very High Risk 

A very high risk candidate is likely to have a very weak fit to 
jobs where step-by-step procedures, team working and strict 
working hours are important 

26 September 2018 

DSI Interpretation Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 
© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

3 of 4 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSESSMENT METHODOLOGY 

This Profile is based upon the following sources of information for Mr Sample Candidate: 

Questionnaire / Ability Test 

Comparison Group 

DSI UK English v1 (Std Inst) 

DSI_EN_GB_IS01_ Benchmark - 2008 (GLB) 

TEXT 

Name 

Mr Sample Candidate 

Candidate Data  DSI_Score = 1 

Report 

DSI Interpretation Report v2RE 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This report shows the result obtained from the Dependability and Safety Instrument. The use of 
this instrument is limited to those people who have received the necessary training in its use and 
interpretation. 

The report herein is generated from the results of the instrument answered by the respondent. 
This report has been generated electronically - the user of the software can make amendments 
and additions to the text of the report. 

SHL Global Management Limited and its associated companies cannot guarantee that the contents 
of this report are the unchanged output of the computer system. We can accept no liability for the 
consequences of the use of this report and this includes liability of every kind (including 
negligence) for its contents. 

www.shl.com 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. SHL and OPQ are trademarks registered in 
the United Kingdom and other countries. 

This report has been produced by SHL for the benefit of its client and contains SHL intellectual 
property. As such, SHL permits its client to reproduce, distribute, amend and store this report for 
its internal and non-commercial use only. All other rights of SHL are reserved. 

26 September 2018 

DSI Interpretation Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 
© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

4 of 4
