Title: Enterprise Leadership Report 2.0
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/enterprise-leadership-report-2-0/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: P
Languages: nan
Job Levels: Director, Executive, Manager, Mid-Professional,
Assessment Length: nan

Description:
Assess and benchmark your leaders against enterprise leadership - the model for leader impact to drive business results in a complex work environment.
For more information, visit: 
https://www.shl.com/en/solutions/identify-develop-leaders/enterprise-leadership/ .

PDF Text:
Sales Transformation DevelopmentReport - Individual Contributor

Enterprise 
Leadership 
Report

Name

Sample Candidate

Date: 02.08.2023

Contents

1

Introduction

2 About this Report

3 Leadership Summary

4 Transformational Leadership

5 Transactional Leadership

6 Network Leadership

7 Implications for the Individual

8 Assessment Methodology

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  2/13

1. Introduction

What is Enterprise Leadership?

Enterprise Leaders achieve their individual performance objectives, contribute towards and draw from the 
performance of others, and encourage their teams to do the same. Put another way, they are enterprise 
contributors themselves and they enable their teams to be enterprise contributors.

SHL research shows that Enterprise Leaders effectively:

●

●

●

contribute to and use expertise from other leaders in order to drive organisational performance;

recognise that their primary role in the team is to guide team performance, whilst leaving employees in control; and

expand the focus and impact of their teams’ performance to the broader organisation.

Collectively, Enterprise Leaders achieve better team outcomes and organisational outcomes than other 
leaders. Specifically, Enterprise Leaders are more likely to have teams that are more innovative, adaptable, 
collaborative, and more effective at resolving conflict. Additionally, organisations with higher percentages of 
Enterprise Leaders have higher year-on-year profit and revenue growth.

Enterprise Leaders propel their organisations by focusing on multiple aspects of performance, including their 
own and their teams’ task performance – or how effectively they complete tasks and assignments, and 
network performance – or how effectively they improve others’ performance and use others’ contributions to 
improve their own performance.

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  3/13

How is Enterprise Leadership measured?

Identifying the individuals who have the potential to become Enterprise Leaders is not a simple task. For 
decades, companies have been identifying leaders to guide and execute organisational strategy, using a time-
tested model of leadership competence. In this model, leaders have two primary functions:

● Transformational Leadership – Setting direction and inspiring others to foster change. Shaping the 

organisation’s mission, culture, and strategy, driving change across the organisation, and motivating others 
to perform beyond expectations.

● Transactional Leadership – Organising and directing employees to ensure efficient strategy execution. 

Setting objectives, monitoring performance, managing employee work, and distributing rewards.

However, as work becomes more collaborative and information-dependent, organisations need to be more 
fluid and adaptable. Leaders today are then compelled to build and enable employee networks and help 
employees maximise their enterprise contribution through the use of Network Leadership, defined as the 
following:

● Network Leadership – Establishing strong network performance by building, aligning, and enabling broad 

networks both internal and external to the organisation, as well as creating a work climate in which 
autonomy, empowerment, trust, sharing, and collaboration can exist.

These three Leadership Foundations provide the key to an individual’s potential for Enterprise Leadership. As 
these foundations are multidimensional, leaders may demonstrate strengths in some areas and not others. 
Understanding how these leadership foundations relate to components of enterprise leadership is the first 
step towards developing enterprise leaders.

Your Assessment Results

Your Enterprise Leadership potential is summarised in terms of the Leadership Foundations. These simple 
summary scores (presented in the Leadership Summary section) indicate your potential to drive critical 
leadership outcomes. In addition, detailed findings presented throughout the report provide an in-depth 
look at your strengths and developmental opportunities.

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  4/13

2. About this Report

You recently completed the Occupational Personality Questionnaire (OPQ32) that describes preferences and 
attitudes in relation to different aspects of working life. It is not a test, and is primarily concerned with 
preferences and personal style in the workplace. The questionnaire is not infallible and, as with all self-report 
questionnaires, its accuracy depends on the honesty and frankness with which it is completed.

This report can be used as a starting point for understanding your development opportunities for becoming a 
more effective Enterprise Leader in your organisation.

Key to the Report

The Leadership Foundations are related to components of Enterprise Leadership through their underlying 
competencies.

Each of the competencies is related to one or more components of Enterprise Leadership; it is through the 
expression of these competencies that one becomes a successful Enterprise Leader. These relationships are 
described in the Leadership Detail section. They are also summarised in the figure below:

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  5/13

3. Leadership Summary

This section provides a summary view of your potential across the Leadership Foundations. Keep in mind that 
the scores are wholly based on responses to the OPQ and may not reflect other influences on actual 
performance, such as prior leadership experience, skills, and ability. This guide can be used to identify areas in 
which personality tendencies may pose inherent challenges or reflect potential for becoming a strong 
enterprise leader.

Transformational Leadership

Transformational leadership is less likely to be a strength for you. This means that you may at times find it difficult to: effectively 
inspire both people and the organisation to become proactive and achieve beyond expectations; support the exchange of ideas 
across the business; empower your team to be network performers; and improve the quality and quantity of your and your 
team’s work outputs by incorporating ideas and information from other parts of the organisation.

Transactional Leadership

Transactional leadership is unlikely to be a strength for you. This means that you may struggle to: keep existing systems running 
effectively; deliver dependable performance from the team; meet operational objectives; handle changing priorities, pressures, 
and setbacks; support your teams in the execution of their tasks; and lead teams in times of ambiguity or uncertainty.

Network Leadership

Network leadership is less likely to be a strength for you. This means that you may at times find it difficult to: create a work 
environment based on autonomy, empowerment, trust, sharing, and collaboration; grow and build people networks; use tension 
and conflict strategically to spur innovation; empower others to problem solve and make decisions autonomously; and advocate 
for others within and outside the organisation while eliminating barriers to effective performance.

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  6/13

4. Transformational Leadership

Low

High

Transformational Leadership Results

Inspiring both people and the organisation to become proactive and to achieve beyond expectations.

Transformational leadership is important in leadership roles that require setting direction and inspiring others 
to foster change, and focuses on shaping the organisation’s mission, culture, and strategy.

Creating & Conceptualising
Producing innovative ideas and thinking strategically.

Likely to relate to effective leader network performance and team network performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to support the exchange of ideas across the business, import and apply new ideas from inside and 
outside the organisation to their work, and see beyond the need to simply achieve assigned tasks.

People with lower scores work most effectively in 
situations requiring the application of established 
methods and ways of working; tend to apply tried and 
tested approaches to the resolution of problems; uphold 
the status quo.

People with higher scores work well in situations 
requiring openness to new ideas and experiences; seek 
out learning opportunities; handle situations and 
problems with innovation, creativity and a strategic view; 
support and drive organisational change.

Interacting & Presenting
Communicating with, persuading and influencing others.

Likely to relate to effective leader network performance, team network performance, and team task performance as leaders 
who score high on this competency can be expected to communicate ideas effectively with their teams and others within and 
outside the organisation, and influence their teams to be network performers.

People with lower scores value time for personal 
thought and reflection; tend to be somewhat private and 
socially reserved; may dislike public speaking and may 
miss opportunities to socialise and build relationships.

People with higher scores communicate effectively; 
successfully persuade and influence others; and relate to 
others in a confident and relaxed manner.

Leading & Deciding
Initiating action, giving direction and taking responsibility.

Likely to relate to effective team task performance and team network performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to provide direction, make decisions, and supervise, coach, and empower their teams to achieve 
higher levels of performance.

People with lower scores are generally comfortable 
taking direction from others; prefer not to operate in a 
directive manner towards others; are inclined to avoid 
situations requiring active personal leadership and 
control.

People with higher scores prefer to take control and 
exercise personal leadership; initiate action, give 
direction and take responsibility.

Enterprising & Performing
Focusing on results and on achieving goals.

Likely to relate to effective leader task performance and team task performance as leaders who score high on this competency 
can be expected to demonstrate drive for improving their own and their teams’ performance, commitment to setting and 
achieving challenging goals, and improving the quality and quantity of their own and their team’s work outputs.

People with lower scores derive satisfaction from taking 
part and are less driven by competition or the need for 
personal recognition or achievement. This may make it 
more likely that commercial opportunities are not 
recognised or acted upon.

People with higher scores focus on results and the 
achievement of personal work goals and objectives; their 
competitive drive may support an active interest in 
business, commerce and finance; they seek 
opportunities for self-development and career 
advancement.

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  7/13

5. Transactional Leadership

Low

High

Transactional Leadership Results

Delivering dependable performance and reaching operational objectives.

Transactional leadership is important in leadership roles that require setting objectives and goals, monitoring 
performance, managing employee work, and distributing rewards.

Analysing & Interpreting
Analysing complex information and applying expertise.

Likely to relate to effective leader task performance as leaders who score high on this competency can be expected to draw on 
their technical skills and expertise and make inferences about information in their area of specialty to produce high quality work 
products.

People with lower scores apply practical thinking to the 
resolution of problems. They are less inclined towards 
quantitative analysis, and more likely to follow intuition.

People with higher scores show evidence of clear 
analytical thinking; get to the heart of complex problems 
and issues; apply expertise effectively and quickly take 
on new technology.

Adapting & Coping
Responding and adapting well to change and pressure.

Likely to relate to effective leader task performance, team task performance, and team network performance as leaders who 
score high on this competency can be expected to handle changing priorities, pressures, setbacks, and ambiguity associated 
with team members working within their own networks, and lead teams in times of ambiguity or uncertainty, whilst still 
delivering and facilitating high quality, on-time work outputs.

People with lower scores find it harder to adapt to 
change and respond effectively to it. They may find it 
difficult to cope effectively with the personal pressures 
often associated with organisational change.

People with higher scores adapt and respond well to 
change, flourish under pressure and cope well with 
setbacks; project a calm and optimistic outlook, 
providing stability and security to others in times of 
uncertainty and change.

Supporting & Co-operating
Supporting others and working effectively with people.

Likely to relate to effective leader network performance, team task performance, and team network performance as leaders 
who score high on this competency can be expected to collaborate well with others to facilitate the exchange and 
implementation of ideas within and outside the organisation, seek feedback from others on improving individual and team 
performance, and support their teams in the execution of their tasks.

People with lower scores are more strongly focused on 
task-related rather than people-related aspects of the 
job and may feel uncomfortable engaging with the 
personal issues and concerns of others. They may find it 
easier to make hard choices that impact other people.

People with higher scores put people issues first, 
supporting colleagues and showing respect and positive 
regard towards others.

Organising & Executing
Planning, working in an organised manner and focusing on delivery.

Likely to relate to effective leader task performance and team task performance as leaders who score high on this competency 
can be expected to carefully and systematically organise and plan their own and their teams’ work and leverage or create 
methods of tracking work progress in order to maximise productivity and deliver projects and tasks on time.

People with lower scores prefer to work flexibly, 
exploring and addressing issues as they emerge. They 
may find it uncomfortable and constraining to adopt a 
procedural or process orientation.

People with higher scores follow directions and 
procedures and plan ahead; they work in an energetic, 
systematic, and organised manner; are focused on the 
delivery of a defined product or service to predetermined 
standards.

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  8/13

6. Network Leadership

Low

High

Network Leadership Results

Building, aligning, and enabling of broad networks both internal and external to the organisation.

Network leadership is important in leadership roles that require the creation of conditions that encourage the 
achievement of organisational goals through innovation, collaboration and mutual exploration of competing 
interests, ideas, and goals.

Building the Network
Building connections across team and organisational boundaries.

Likely to relate to effective leader network performance and team network performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to demonstrate commitment to growing and building their personal networks and those of others 
to facilitate higher levels of individual and team performance.

People with lower scores are focused on the 
responsibilities of their team and may not seek out 
opportunities to connect individuals on their team with 
those outside the team. They may keep their 
connections and the resources of their team to 
themselves and may encourage 'us against them' 
thinking within their team.

People with higher scores seek to build connections 
between individuals and teams that may be of mutual 
benefit to each other, and foster a climate that 
encourages cross-organisational collaboration. They 
freely share their connections with others and encourage 
their team to support others in order to maximise the 
overall benefit to the organisation.

Energising the Network
Creating the right kind of tension that spurs innovation.

Likely to relate to effective team network performance as leaders who score high on this competency can be expected to drive 
higher levels of performance in their networked teams by strategically using tension and conflict to spur better and more 
innovative work products.

People with lower scores aim to avoid or 'gloss over' all 
conflict and tension within the team, preferring to make 
decisions that help reduce uncertainty and discomfort. 
They fail to recognise that some types of tension or 
uncertainty can be productive.

People with higher scores energise the network by 
introducing new ideas or challenges, and then allowing 
members to find creative ways to resolve the tension 
within the network. They encourage network members 
to seek out and debate opposing perspectives, whilst 
discouraging personal animosity.

Creating Interdependence
Enabling autonomy in the network and a need for members to collaborate with each other.

Likely to relate to effective team task performance and network performance as leaders who score high on this competency 
can be expected to promote higher levels of collaboration within their teams and drive higher levels of performance in their 
teams by empowering their teams to problem solve and make decisions autonomously.

People with lower scores prefer to keep a close eye on 
the activities of their team, and may take over at times to 
make sure that things are on track and the decisions 
they want are being made. They may make decisions 
they think are best for the team without involving others.

People with higher scores insist that network members 
work out their problems together rather than provide 
easy solutions. They are less likely to make decisions 
unilaterally, and more likely to trust others’ wisdom in 
making independent decisions.

Enabling the Network
Ensuring that the network functions effectively within the larger organisational context.

Likely to relate to effective team task performance and team network performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to remove barriers to effective team performance and drive higher levels of performance in their 
teams by advocating for their networks within and outside the organisation and eliminating obstacles to effective performance.

People with lower scores are reluctant to 'step up' and 
support the ideas or activities of teams or network 
members in the face of political resistance or other 
pressures.

People with higher scores support teams working within 
the network by helping to obtain needed resources or 
remove barriers that limit the team’s effectiveness, and 
by promoting and disseminating the team’s ideas within 
the rest of the organisation.

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  9/13

7. Implications for the Individual

Implications for the Individual Results

This section contains development tips for each of the 12 competencies, which are categorised as either 
strength, moderate strength, or development need. It is strongly suggested that no more than 3-5 
development tips be chosen as focus areas for development at any given time. You may want to discuss the 
areas to work on in conjunction with your manager, and in light of your aspirations and career goals.

Strengths

You are likely to have strengths in these areas:

Opportunities for building on strengths

Building the Network (Network Leadership)

● Create opportunities for the cross-pollination of ideas across departments. Designate certain team members to be a 

liaison to departments that rely on your team or that your team relies on, or recommend team members for special task-
forces or organisation-wide mentoring programmes.

● Focus your network-building activities on individuals or teams that supply a unique perspective compared to the 

individuals on your team. Identify gaps in your team's skills, understanding, or experience and identify individuals from 
other areas who possess these qualities and encourage your team to network with them. Get your team to lead by 
making the connection, and be available for support if needed.

Moderate Strengths

You are likely to have some strengths in these areas:

Opportunities for further growth

Creating Interdependence (Network Leadership)

● Let your team know that you are relying on them to raise issues regularly with other teams to test the alignment of the 

plans under consideration, rather than seeking answers from you. If needed, assist your team in identifying who should be 
involved from other groups. If this involves periodic meetings with other groups, let those on your team determine the 
objectives and structure for these meetings.

● The next time two members of your network come to you with a professional disagreement, encourage them to work the 
solution through between them rather than arbitrating it yourself. Provide support but focus on listening and questioning 
them to bring them to a solution rather than giving your own ideas or decision.

Development Needs

You are likely to have development needs in these areas:

Opportunities for development

Creating & Conceptualising (Transformational Leadership)

● Set a goal to create or re-design a process to improve one core/frequently performed work task or activity each month. 

How could you make common tasks more efficient, resulting in cost or time savings? Share ideas with other managers for 
feedback and potential implementation in other teams.

● When responding to internal or external customer inquiries, consider alternatives to tried-and-tested responses. Analyse 
customer feedback and interactions for themes and identify frequent or high value issues that would benefit from a new 
or different approach.

● Gain wider company exposure and knowledge by volunteering your time in selected cross-functional projects. Sign up for 
tasks with others you do not know or frequently work with. Use the opportunities presented to develop ideas for more 
effective cross-functional working processes.

Interacting & Presenting (Transformational Leadership)

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  10/13

● Identify the more difficult-to-influence stakeholders from those you interact with regularly. Meet informally with these 
individuals and use the opportunity to explore the factors that influence their support for relevant initiatives. Use this 
information to better tailor your communication to their needs next time you require their buy-in.

● Watch a number of business leaders well known for their presentation skills speak. These could be within your 

organisation or business more generally, such as Steve Jobs, Warren Buffet, Mary Barra or Sheryl Sandberg. You could also 
review TED talks of great orators in politics or international affairs. Note the specific behaviours these presenters use, and 
incorporate these techniques into your own presentation style.

● Hone your communication skills by creating more public speaking opportunities. This could involve information sharing 

sessions within or across teams, signing up to speak at a trade conference, or getting on the agenda of a different 
function's team meeting to share updates on behalf of your own team.

Leading & Deciding (Transformational Leadership)

● When business challenges or opportunities call for exceptional effort from your team, accompany tasks and assignments 
with messages that will motivate and inspire them to achieve unprecedented levels of performance. Consider how you 
can best reward staff members who exhibit very high levels of performance.

● Reflect on successful projects on which your team took the lead. Determine common attributes of these projects. 

Facilitate discussion with your team about how to incorporate these attributes in future projects. Continue to reflect on 
new projects and grow the strengths of the team in this area.

● Shadow senior leaders who routinely make strategic decisions for the business. Ask them to share their experience of 
making difficult business decisions to understand their thought processes. What is their approach to such decisions? 
What factors - people, process, markets etc. - do they take into account?

Enterprising & Performing (Transformational Leadership)

● Read the business press, focusing particularly on major transitions and changes. Note how your competitors have dealt 

with these. Prepare a report for your manager on the variety of different ways in which you might handle a similar change 
programme, and look for opportunities to put these suggestions into practice.

● When a new competitor enters your market, build up a reference file about it, including: mission statement, products or 

services, market position, locations and facilities, organisational structure, total assets, turnover, profit in relation to 
turnover and to assets, ownership and sources of funding, technology, future developments, comparison with 
competitors, personnel policy in relation to recruitment, development and succession planning, and its general ethos, 
public image and community relationships. Share this file with colleagues and team members and encourage others to 
add to it.

● Develop a vision for your team in-line with the long-term strategic direction of your organisation. As you conduct 

planning activities, ensure your short-term plans and activities are aligned with this vision. How will you and your team 
know you are on track?

Analysing & Interpreting (Transactional Leadership)

● Look at other functions within your organisation and identify unusual but successful processes and procedures. Decide 

how you can apply great examples of these elsewhere in the organisation.

● Work out how much an hour of your time costs your organisation. Use this information to cost out how you use your time 
and the value of different activities you are involved in. Delegate activities that are 'high cost' but do not require your level 
of experience or skill.

● Create a dashboard or scorecard that is useful for at-a-glance performance measurement of your team. Review 

performance regularly and generate as many ideas as possible on how to increase efficiency and goal attainment and 
enhance performance. Present your findings to the team and/or team leaders and experiment with one or two initial 
ideas.

Adapting & Coping (Transactional Leadership)

● Learn to recognise and monitor your own stress symptoms (get a trusted colleague to help if necessary), such as 

irritability, an inability to sleep, a tendency to put things off, or keeping too much to yourself. Develop go-to strategies to 
manage each of your personal stress symptoms when they occur.

● Consider the meetings you attend, and your resilience in these. Are you more or less resilient in the face of negativity 
compared to others in these meetings? Identify someone who you regard as highly resilient when faced with stress, 
pressure, or negativity. Discuss their tactics with them and adopt ones that will increase your own resilience.

● Make a list of behaviours you find difficult to tolerate and the pitfalls you are vulnerable to in social situations. Make a 

conscious effort to control your feelings in these situations. Try to ask questions and focus on common goals rather than 
being led by your feelings.

Supporting & Co-operating (Transactional Leadership)

● When a colleague shares a problem ask them what help would be useful. Use active listening and questioning skills to 

really understand the issue. Put yourself in your colleague’s shoes and consider what support you would want or need in 
their place. Explain what you personally can and can’t do to help and suggest other appropriate sources of support.

● Take the time to speak informally to staff, especially when things get busy. Ask people their opinions and encourage them 
to share their ideas. Create informal forums where people can exchange their views and ideas with you and each other. 
Ensure you relay back to them when and where you have taken their ideas on board.

● List all the signs that help you recognise when others are experiencing problems at work. Think of both verbal and non-

verbal cues which indicate when things are not going well. Plan how you might adapt your behaviour to respond to these 
different cues to best support them.

Organising & Executing (Transactional Leadership)

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  11/13

● At the start of each quarter, meet with your team to agree on objectives for the forthcoming period. Ensure goals are 
specific and actionable, and put in place plans to meet stretch targets as well as performance targets. Decide how 
progress against the agreed objectives will be monitored. Follow up if you feel progress is falling short of what was agreed 
upon and revise the plan.

● At the outset of a year or performance period, reflect on past experiences and list all possible enhancements to improve 
team management. Write down challenges and opportunities for each. Prioritise these and create a plan to implement 
the two or three most critical enhancements.

● When delegating projects or assignments, review not only the desired outcome, but the detail of how the individual will 
achieve the outcome, such as the resources needed (e.g. time, access to you or others, materials, administrative support), 
risks, capability, and the involvement of others. Follow up at appropriate points to ensure the individual keeps their plan 
on track.

Energising the Network (Network Leadership)

● Share information about trends or issues that could represent threats or opportunities for the team or organisation as a 
whole. Ask the team to identify ways to address these threats or opportunities that are aligned with the organisation’s 
goals.

● Energize the network': Create healthy and productive conflict within your networks by purposefully drawing out 

differences between perspectives and agendas, for example, by proactively bringing up work-related issues on which you 
know team members have differing viewpoints. Spur people to find creative ways to resolve tensions without resorting to 
personal criticism.

● Discuss, debate and speculate about the potential impact of external events on your organisation and function. Create 
momentum by hypothesising how the business would respond if different situations occurred. Encourage the team to 
bring different perspectives to these new ideas and challenges, and let them find their own creative ways to resolve 
disagreements and divergent points of view.

Enabling the Network (Network Leadership)

● As part of your leadership agenda for the next six months include an objective to support existing connections you have 

built across the organisation. What additional resources do you need to sustain these relationships? What are the 
potential barriers to the effective operation or continued leveraging of these relationships? How will you know if the 
'network' of connections you have built isn't operating effectively?

● Identify and build mutually beneficial relationships with people who are seen as influencers within the company. Ask 

them to help you champion the need to build connections across team and organisational boundaries. Work to 
understand and recognise their concerns and get their input if they are sceptical, then proactively ask them for their help. 
Reciprocate by providing appropriate support for their ideas and objectives. Use your alliances with influential people in 
the organisation to help manage the opinions of detractors.

● Look for opportunities to make the contribution of others more visible than your own, particularly when the contributions 
arise from cross-departmental collaboration. When presenting publicly, find a way to recognise those who contributed to 
the ideas and the work behind your presentation. Take opportunities in meetings to bring up the accomplishments and 
interests of these cross-departmental collaborations, where appropriate. Make this practice a regular habit.

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  12/13

8. Assessment Methodology

This Profile is based upon the following sources of information for Mr Sample Candidate:

Questionnaire / Ability Test

Comparison Group

OPQ32r UK English v1 (Std Inst)

OPQ32r UK English General Population 2012 (INT)

About this report

This report was generated using SHL’s Online Assessment System. It includes information from the 
Occupational Personality QuestionnaireTM (OPQ32). The use of this questionnaire is limited to those 
people who have received specialist training in its use and interpretation.

The report herein is generated from the results of a questionnaire answered by the respondent(s) and 
substantially reflects the answers made by them. Due consideration must be given to the subjective 
nature of questionnaire-based ratings in the interpretation of this data.

This report has been generated electronically - the user of the software can make amendments and 
additions to the text of the report.

SHL Global Management Limited and its associated companies cannot guarantee that the contents of 
this report are the unchanged output of the computer system. We can accept no liability for the 
consequences of the use of this report and this includes liability of every kind (including negligence) for its 
contents.

Report Version: Enterprise Leadership Report v1.0RE

www.shl.com

Disclaimer: © 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. SHL and OPQ are trademarks registered in the United Kingdom and 
other countries.

This report has been produced by SHL for the benefit of its client and contains SHL intellectual property. As such, SHL permits its 
client to reproduce, distribute, amend and store this report for its internal and non-commercial use only. All other rights of SHL are 
reserved.

Person Detail Section

Name

Mr Sample Candidate

OPQ Candidate Data

RP1=4, RP2=3, RP3=2, RP4=7, RP5=7, RP6=5, RP7=5, RP8=5, RP9=2, RP10=3, 
TS1=5, TS2=3, TS3=4, TS4=5, TS5=4, TS6=4, TS7=5, TS8=7, TS9=7, TS10=3, TS11=1, 
TS12=5, FE1=5, FE2=7, FE3=5, FE4=3, FE5=8, FE6=6, FE7=4, FE8=5, FE9=3, 
FE10=5, CNS=1.

Report

Enterprise Leadership Report

Enterprise Leadership Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  13/13
