Title: Enterprise Leadership Report 1.0
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/enterprise-leadership-report/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: P
Languages: nan
Job Levels: Director, Executive, Manager, Mid-Professional,
Assessment Length: nan

Description:
Assess and benchmark your leaders against enterprise leadership - the model for leader impact to drive business results in a complex work environment.
For more information, visit: 
https://www.shl.com/en/solutions/identify-develop-leaders/enterprise-leadership/ .

PDF Text:
Enterprise 
Leadership Report 

Name 
Mr Sample Candidate 

Date 
26 September 2018 

SHL.com 

 
 
Delivering Key Leadership Insights 

What is Enterprise Leadership? 

Enterprise Leaders achieve their individual performance objectives, contribute towards and draw from the performance of 
others, and encourage their teams to do the same. Put another way, they are enterprise contributors themselves and they 
enable their teams to be enterprise contributors. 

SHL and Gartner research shows that Enterprise Leaders effectively: 

●  contribute to and use expertise from other leaders in order to drive organisational performance; 
●  recognise that their primary role on the team is to guide team performance, whilst leaving employees in control; and 
●  expand the focus and impact of their teams’ performance to the broader organisation. 

Collectively, Enterprise Leaders achieve better team outcomes and organisational outcomes than other leaders. Specifically, 
Enterprise Leaders are more likely to have teams that are more innovative, adaptable, collaborative, and more effective at 
resolving conflict. Additionally, organisations with higher percentages of Enterprise Leaders have higher year-on-year profit 
and revenue growth. 

Enterprise Leaders propel their organisations by focusing on multiple aspects of performance, including their own and their 
teams’ task performance – or how effectively they complete tasks and assignments, and network performance – or how 
effectively they improve others’ performance and use others’ contributions to improve their own performance. 

How is Enterprise Leadership measured? 

Identifying the individuals who have the potential to become Enterprise Leaders is not a simple task. For decades, companies 
have been identifying leaders to guide and execute organisational strategy, using a time-tested model of leadership 
competence. In this model, leaders have two primary functions: 

●  Transformational Leadership – Setting direction and inspiring others to foster change. Shaping the organisation’s 
mission, culture, and strategy, driving change across the organisation, and motivating others to perform beyond 
expectations. 

●  Transactional Leadership – Organising and directing employees to ensure efficient strategy execution. Setting 

objectives, monitoring performance, managing employees' work, and distributing rewards. 

However, as work becomes more collaborative and information-dependent, organisations need to be more fluid and 
adaptable. Leaders today are then compelled to build and enable employee networks and help employees maximise their 
enterprise contribution through the use of Network Leadership, defined as the following: 

●  Network Leadership – Establishing strong network performance by building, aligning, and enabling broad networks 
both internal and external to the organisation, as well as creating a work climate in which autonomy, empowerment, 
trust, sharing, and collaboration can exist. 

These three Leadership Foundations provide the key to an individual’s potential for Enterprise Leadership. As these 
foundations are multidimensional, leaders may demonstrate strengths in some areas and not others. Understanding how 
these leadership foundations relate to components of enterprise leadership is the first step towards developing enterprise 
leaders. 

Your Assessment Results 

Your Enterprise Leadership potential is summarised in terms of the Leadership Foundations. These simple summary scores 
(presented in the Leadership Summary section) indicate your potential to drive critical leadership outcomes. In addition, 
detailed findings presented throughout the report provide an in-depth look at your strengths and developmental opportunities. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

2 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
Getting the Most From This Report 

You recently completed the Occupational Personality Questionnaire (OPQ32) that describes preferences and attitudes in 
relation to different aspects of working life. It is not a test, and is primarily concerned with preferences and personal style in 
the workplace. The questionnaire is not infallible and, as with all self-report questionnaires, its accuracy depends on the 
honesty and frankness with which it is completed. 

This report can be used as a starting point for understanding your development opportunities for becoming a more effective 
Enterprise Leader in your organisation. 

Key to the Report 

The Leadership Foundations are related to components of Enterprise Leadership through their underlying competencies. 

Each of the competencies is related to one or more components of Enterprise Leadership; it is through the expression of 
these competencies that one becomes a successful Enterprise Leader. These relationships are described in the Leadership 
Detail section. They are also summarised in the figure below: 

Leadership 
Foundations 

Enterprise 
Leadership 

Transformational Leadership 

●  Creating & Conceptualising 
●  Interacting & Presenting 
●  Leading & Deciding 
●  Enterprising & Performing 

Transactional Leadership 

●  Analysing & Interpreting 

●  Adapting & Coping 
●  Supporting & Co-operating 
●  Organising & Executing 

Network Leadership 

●  Building the Network 
●  Energising the Network 
●  Creating Interdependence 
●  Enabling the Network 

Leader Task Performance 
Leaders are effective at achieving their own 
individual tasks and assignments 

Leader Network Performance 
Leaders are effective at improving others’ 
performance and using others’ contributions 
to improve their own performance 

Team Task Performance 
Leaders are effective at leading their teams 
to achieve their collective tasks and 
assignments within the team 

Team Network Performance 
Leaders are effective at leading their teams 
to be network performers outside of the 
immediate team 

Your potential on each Leadership Foundation and competency is shown in graphs that look like the one below. This graph 
can be interpreted as reflecting how likely the area is to be a strength for you. There will be more scope for development in 
areas that are less likely to be strong. 

Potential 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Unlikely to be a strength 

Less likely to be a strength 

Moderately likely to be a strength 

Quite likely to be a strength 

Very likely to be a strength 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

3 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Leadership Summary 

This section provides a summary view of your potential across the Leadership Foundations. Keep in mind that the scores are 
wholly based on responses to the OPQ and may not reflect other influences on actual performance, such as prior leadership 
experience, skills, and ability. This guide can be used to identify areas in which personality tendencies may pose inherent 
challenges or reflect potential for becoming a strong enterprise leader. 

Transformational Leadership 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Transformational leadership is unlikely to be a strength for you. This means that you may struggle to: effectively inspire 
both people and the organisation to become proactive and achieve beyond expectations; support the exchange of ideas 
across the business; empower your team to be network performers; and improve the quality and quantity of your and your 
team’s work outputs by incorporating ideas and information from other parts of the organisation. 

Transactional Leadership 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Transactional leadership is likely to be a moderate strength for you. This means that you may at times: keep existing 
systems running effectively; deliver dependable performance from the team; meet operational objectives; handle changing 
priorities, pressures, and setbacks; support your teams in the execution of their tasks; and lead teams in times of ambiguity or 
uncertainty. 

Network Leadership 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Network leadership is unlikely to be a strength for you. This means that you may struggle to: create a work environment 
based on autonomy, empowerment, trust, sharing, and collaboration; grow and build people networks; use tension and 
conflict strategically to spur innovation; empower others to problem solve and make decisions autonomously; and advocate 
for others within and outside the organisation whilst eliminating barriers to effective performance. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

4 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Leadership Detail 

This section provides detail on the scores for the competencies underlying the Leadership Foundations. Their relationship to 
Enterprise Leadership components is also explained. This information should be used to identify strengths and areas for 
further development. Tips for individual development are provided in the next section. 

Transformational Leadership 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Inspiring both people and the organisation to become proactive and to achieve 
beyond expectations. 

Transformational leadership is important in leadership roles that require setting direction and inspiring others to foster 
change, and focuses on shaping the organisation’s mission, culture, and strategy. 

Creating & Conceptualising 
Producing innovative ideas and thinking strategically. 
Likely to relate to effective leader network performance and team network performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to support the exchange of ideas across the business, import and apply new ideas from inside 
and outside the organisation to their work, and see beyond the need to simply achieve assigned tasks. 

People with lower scores work most 
effectively in situations requiring the 
application of established methods and 
ways of working; tend to apply tried and 
tested approaches to the resolution of 
problems; uphold the status quo. 

People with higher scores work well in 
situations requiring openness to new 
ideas and experiences; seek out learning 
opportunities; handle situations and 
problems with innovation, creativity and a 
strategic view; support and drive 
organisational change. 

Interacting & Presenting 
Communicating with, persuading and influencing others. 

Likely to relate to effective leader network performance, team network performance, and team task performance as 
leaders who score high on this competency can be expected to communicate ideas effectively with their teams and others 
within and outside the organisation, and influence their teams to be network performers. 

People with lower scores value time for 
personal thought and reflection; tend to be 
somewhat private and socially reserved; 
may dislike public speaking and may miss 
opportunities to socialise and build 
relationships. 

People with higher scores communicate 
effectively; successfully persuade and 
influence others; and relate to others in a 
confident and relaxed manner. 

Leading & Deciding 
Initiating action, giving direction and taking responsibility. 

Likely to relate to effective team task performance and team network performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to provide direction, make decisions, and supervise, coach, and empower their teams to 
achieve higher levels of performance. 

People with lower scores are generally 
comfortable taking direction from others; 
prefer not to operate in a directive manner 
towards others; are inclined to avoid 
situations requiring active personal 
leadership and control. 

People with higher scores prefer to take 
control and exercise personal leadership; 
initiate action, give direction and take 
responsibility. 

Enterprising & Performing 
Focusing on results and on achieving goals. 

Likely to relate to effective leader task performance and team task performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to demonstrate drive for improving their own and their teams’ performance, commitment to 
setting and achieving challenging goals, and improving the quality and quantity of their own and their team’s work outputs. 

People with lower scores derive 
satisfaction from taking part and are less 
driven by competition or the need for 
personal recognition or achievement. This 
may make it more likely that commercial 
opportunities are not recognised or acted 
upon. 

People with higher scores focus on 
results and the achievement of personal 
work goals and objectives; their 
competitive drive may support an active 
interest in business, commerce and 
finance; they seek opportunities for self-
development and career advancement. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

5 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactional Leadership 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Delivering dependable performance and reaching operational objectives. 

Transactional leadership is important in leadership roles that require setting objectives and goals, monitoring performance, 
managing employee work, and distributing rewards. 

Analysing & Interpreting 

Analysing complex information and applying expertise. 
Likely to relate to effective leader task performance as leaders who score high on this competency can be expected to draw 
on their technical skills and expertise and make inferences about information in their area of specialty to produce high quality 
work products. 

People with lower scores apply practical 
thinking to the resolution of problems. 
They are less inclined towards quantitative 
analysis, and more likely to follow intuition. 

People with higher scores show evidence 
of clear analytical thinking; get to the heart 
of complex problems and issues; apply 
expertise effectively and quickly take on 
new technology. 

Adapting & Coping 

Responding and adapting well to change and pressure. 
Likely to relate to effective leader task performance, team task performance, and team network performance as leaders 
who score high on this competency can be expected to handle changing priorities, pressures, setbacks, and ambiguity 
associated with team members working within their own networks, and lead teams in times of ambiguity or uncertainty, whilst 
still delivering and facilitating high quality, on-time work outputs. 

People with lower scores find it harder to 
adapt to change and respond effectively to 
it. They may find it difficult to cope 
effectively with the personal pressures 
often associated with organisational 
change. 

People with higher scores adapt and 
respond well to change, flourish under 
pressure and cope well with setbacks; 
project a calm and optimistic outlook, 
providing stability and security to others in 
times of uncertainty and change. 

Supporting & Co-operating 

Supporting others and working effectively with people. 

Likely to relate to effective leader network performance, team task performance, and team network performance as 
leaders who score high on this competency can be expected to collaborate well with others to facilitate the exchange and 
implementation of ideas within and outside the organisation, seek feedback from others on improving individual and team 
performance, and support their teams in the execution of their tasks. 

People with lower scores are more 
strongly focused on task-related rather 
than people-related aspects of the job and 
may feel uncomfortable engaging with the 
personal issues and concerns of others. 
They may find it easier to make hard 
choices that impact other people. 

People with higher scores put people 
issues first, supporting colleagues and 
showing respect and positive regard 
towards others. 

Organising & Executing 

Planning, working in an organised manner and focusing on delivery. 

Likely to relate to effective leader task performance and team task performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to carefully and systematically organise and plan their own and their teams’ work and leverage 
or create methods of tracking work progress in order to maximise productivity and deliver projects and tasks on time. 

People with lower scores prefer to work 
flexibly, exploring and addressing issues 
as they emerge. They may find it 
uncomfortable and constraining to adopt a 
procedural or process orientation. 

People with higher scores follow 
directions and procedures and plan 
ahead; they work in an energetic, 
systematic, and organised manner; are 
focused on the delivery of a defined 
product or service to predetermined 
standards. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

6 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Network Leadership 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Building, aligning, and enabling of broad networks both internal and external to the 
organisation. 
Network leadership is important in leadership roles that require the creation of conditions that encourage the achievement of 
organisational goals through innovation, collaboration and mutual exploration of competing interests, ideas, and goals. 

Building the Network 

Building connections across team and organisational boundaries. 

Likely to relate to effective leader network performance and team network performance as leaders who score high on 
this competency can be expected to demonstrate commitment to growing and building their personal networks and those of 
others to facilitate higher levels of individual and team performance. 

People with lower scores are focused on 
the responsibilities of their team and may 
not seek out opportunities to connect 
individuals on their team with those outside 
the team. They may keep their connections 
and the resources of their team to 
themselves and may encourage 'us against 
them' thinking within their team. 

People with higher scores seek to build 
connections between individuals and 
teams that may be of mutual benefit to 
each other, and foster a climate that 
encourages cross-organisational 
collaboration. They freely share their 
connections with others and encourage 
their team to support others in order to 
maximise the overall benefit to the 
organisation. 

Energising the Network 

Creating the right kind of tension that spurs innovation. 

Likely to relate to effective team network performance as leaders who score high on this competency can be expected to 
drive higher levels of performance in their networked teams by strategically using tension and conflict to spur better and more 
innovative work products. 

People with lower scores aim to avoid or 
'gloss over' all conflict and tension within 
the team, preferring to make decisions that 
help reduce uncertainty and discomfort. 
They fail to recognise that some types of 
tension or uncertainty can be productive. 

People with higher scores energise the 
network by introducing new ideas or 
challenges, and then allowing members to 
find creative ways to resolve the tension 
within the network. They encourage 
network members to seek out and debate 
opposing perspectives, whilst 
discouraging personal animosity. 

Creating Interdependence 

Enabling autonomy in the network and a need for members to collaborate with each other. 

Likely to relate to effective team task performance and network performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to promote higher levels of collaboration within their teams and drive higher levels of 
performance in their teams by empowering their teams to problem solve and make decisions autonomously. 

People with lower scores prefer to keep a 
close eye on the activities of their team, 
and may take over at times to make sure 
that things are on track and the decisions 
they want are being made. They may make 
decisions they think are best for the team 
without involving others. 

People with higher scores insist that 
network members work out their problems 
together rather than provide easy 
solutions. They are less likely to make 
decisions unilaterally, and more likely to 
trust others’ wisdom in making 
independent decisions. 

Enabling the Network 

Ensuring that the network functions effectively within the larger organisational context. 

Likely to relate to effective team task performance and team network performance as leaders who score high on this 
competency can be expected to remove barriers to effective team performance and drive higher levels of performance in their 
teams by advocating for their networks within and outside the organisation and eliminating obstacles to effective 
performance. 

People with lower scores are reluctant to 
'step up' and support the ideas or activities 
of teams or network members in the face of 
political resistance or other pressures. 

People with higher scores support teams 
working within the network by helping to 
obtain needed resources or remove 
barriers that limit the team’s effectiveness, 
and by promoting and disseminating the 
team’s ideas within the rest of the 
organisation. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

7 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Implications for the Individual 

This section contains development tips for each of the 12 competencies, and categorised as either a strength, moderate 
strength, or development need. It is strongly suggested that no more than 3-5 development tips be chosen as focus areas for 
development at any given time. You may want to discuss the areas to work on in conjunction with your manager, and in light 
of your aspirations and career goals. 

Strengths 
You are likely to have strengths in these areas: 

●  Organising & Executing 

(Transactional Leadership) 

Opportunities for building on strengths 

●  Review a recent project that did not meet its goals, taking into account resources 

used, costs, the time scales and the final outcome. Analyse the reasons the project 
was unsuccessful and put in place contingencies and processes to ensure other 
projects manage these issues more successfully. 

●  Have team leaders submit an annual work plan for your review that outlines how their 

teams will execute projects and achieve goals. Ask them to include specific 
objectives, priorities, accountabilities, constraints, risks, resources and time tables. 
Critique the draft plans and ask the team leaders to submit revised plans that 
incorporate your feedback. 

Moderate Strengths 
You are likely to have some strengths in these areas: 

●  Creating & Conceptualising 
(Transformational Leadership) 

●  Enterprising & Performing 

(Transformational Leadership) 

●  Analysing & Interpreting 
(Transactional Leadership) 

●  Creating Interdependence 

(Network Leadership) 

Opportunities for further growth 

●  Set up regular discussions with trusted colleagues from other functions with skills or 
experience relevant to your work. Ask them to critically and objectively evaluate your 
ideas on a range of topics, including novel approaches to managing your staff, 
solving long-standing business challenges, working better cross-functionally, and 
improving business performance. What would their actions be in similar situations? 
●  Set a goal to create or re-design a process to improve one core/frequently performed 
work task or activity each month. How could you make common tasks more efficient, 
resulting in cost or time savings? Share ideas with other managers for feedback and 
potential implementation in other teams. 

●  Take an opportunity to share the company or functional strategy with others, such as 
your team. Talk to senior leaders to get their views on organisational strategy and 
commercial priorities, prepare a presentation and use this to start a discussion in your 
own team about how your team or area can contribute to the organisation's future. 

●  Seek a mentor with a track record of work that leads to commercial success. Ask 
your mentor to share their experience and background spotting new business 
opportunities and success stories in retaining and securing new business. Get their 
perspective on the market, and take note of their approach so you can see what 
might work for you. Use this information to create an action plan for developing your 
commercial acumen. 

●  Review all the commercial or financial sources of data and statistics relevant to your 
area of the business. Include under-utilised or neglected data. How can you use this 
information to make smarter decisions? 

●  Look at other functions within your organisation and identify unusual but successful 
processes and procedures. Decide how you can apply great examples of these 
elsewhere in the organisation. 

●  Let your team know that you are relying on them to raise issues regularly with other 
teams to test the alignment of the plans under consideration, rather than seeking 
answers from you. If needed, assist your team in identifying who should be involved 
from other groups. If this involves periodic meetings with other groups, let those on 
your team determine the objectives and structure for these meetings. 

●  The next time two members of your network come to you with a professional 

disagreement, encourage them to work the solution out between themselves rather 
than arbitrating it yourself. Provide support, but focus on listening and questioning 
them to bring them to a solution rather than giving your own ideas or decision. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

8 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Development Needs 
You are likely to have development needs in these areas: 

Opportunities for development 

● 

Interacting & Presenting 
(Transformational Leadership) 

●  Leading & Deciding 

(Transformational Leadership) 

●  Adapting & Coping 

(Transactional Leadership) 

●  Supporting & Co-operating 
(Transactional Leadership) 

●  Building the Network 
(Network Leadership) 

● 

Identify the more difficult-to-influence stakeholders from those you interact with 
regularly. Meet informally with these individuals and use the opportunity to explore 
the factors that influence their support for relevant initiatives. Use this information to 
better tailor your communication to their needs next time you require their buy-in. 
●  Watch a number of business leaders well known for their presentation skills speak. 
These could be within your organisation or business more generally, including well-
known entrepreneurs. You could also review TED talks or great orators in politics or 
international affairs. Note the specific behaviours these presenters use, and 
incorporate these techniques into your own presentation style. 

●  Hone your communication skills by creating more public speaking opportunities. This 
could involve information sharing sessions within or across teams, signing up to 
speak at a trade conference, or getting on the agenda of a different function's team 
meeting to share updates on behalf of your own team. 

●  When business challenges or opportunities call for exceptional effort from your team, 
accompany tasks and assignments with messages that will motivate and inspire them 
to achieve unprecedented levels of performance. Consider how you can best reward 
staff members who exhibit very high levels of performance. 

●  Reflect on successful projects on which your team took the lead. Determine common 

attributes of these projects. Facilitate discussion with your team about how to 
incorporate these attributes in future projects. Continue to reflect on new projects and 
grow the strengths of the team in this area. 

●  Shadow senior leaders who routinely make strategic decisions for the business. Ask 
them to share their experience of making difficult business decisions to understand 
their thought processes. What is their approach to such decisions? What factors - 
people, process, markets etc. - do they take into account? 

●  Learn to recognise and monitor your own stress symptoms (get a trusted colleague to 
help if necessary), such as irritability and aggression, an inability to sleep, a tendency 
to put things off, or keeping too much to yourself. Develop go-to strategies to manage 
each of your personal stress symptoms when they occur. 

●  Consider the meetings you attend, and your resilience in these. Are you more or less 
resilient in the face of negativity compared to others in these meetings? Identify 
someone whom you regard as highly resilient when faced with stress, pressure, or 
negativity. Discuss their tactics with them and adopt ones that will increase your own 
resilience. 

●  Make a list of behaviours you find difficult to tolerate and the pitfalls you are 

vulnerable to in social situations. Make a conscious effort to control your feelings in 
these situations. Try to ask questions and focus on common goals rather than 
responding or reacting based on your feelings. 

●  When a colleague shares a problem ask him/her what help would be useful. Use 

active listening and questioning skills to really understand the issue. Put yourself in 
your colleague’s shoes and consider what support you would want or need in their 
place. Explain what you personally can and can’t do to help and suggest other 
appropriate sources of support. 

●  Take the time to speak informally to staff, especially when things get busy. Ask 
people their opinions and encourage them to share their ideas. Create informal 
forums where people can exchange their views and ideas with you and each other. 
Ensure you relay back to them when and where you have taken their ideas on board. 

●  List all the signs that help you recognise when others are experiencing problems at 
work. Think of both verbal and non-verbal cues which indicate when things are not 
going well. Plan how you might adapt your behaviour to respond to these different 
cues to best support them. 

●  Keep in regular contact with groups that service your area and with those you serve. 
Involve key members of your own team wherever appropriate. Become familiar with 
the aims and objectives of these other groups, and get feedback about how you can 
support them and how you can make working with your own team easier for them. 
Incorporate their feedback into your own plans, aims and objectives. 

●  Build a network of peers in similar organisations through which you can exchange 

ideas and discuss issues. Connect people on your team with those from your peers' 
teams with mutual interests. Share your connections freely with the members of your 
team. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

9 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
●  Energising the Network 
(Network Leadership) 

●  Enabling the Network 
(Network Leadership) 

● 

Identify where there are shared goals and strategies between your department and 
other key functions and encourage the formation of networks between departments. 
Designate members of your team to work with those from other areas. Explain your 
expectations and plan to follow up to discuss discoveries and ideas for leveraging the 
relationship. 

● 

●  Share information about trends or issues that could represent threats or opportunities 
for the team or organisation as a whole. Ask the team to identify ways for addressing 
these threats or opportunities that are aligned with the organisation’s goals. 
'Energise the network': Create healthy and productive conflict within your networks by 
purposefully drawing out differences between perspectives and agendas, for 
example, by proactively bringing up work-related issues on which you know team 
members have differing viewpoints. Spur people to find creative ways to resolve 
tensions without resorting to personal criticism. 

●  Discuss, debate and speculate about the potential impact of external events on your 
organisation and function. Create momentum by hypothesising how the business 
would respond if different situations occurred. Encourage the team to bring different 
perspectives to these new ideas and challenges, and let them find their own creative 
ways to resolve disagreements and divergent points of view. 

●  As part of your leadership agenda for the next six months include an objective to 

● 

support existing connections you have built across the organisation. What additional 
resources do you need to sustain these relationships? What are the potential barriers 
to the effective operation or continued leveraging of these relationships? How will you 
know if the 'network' of connections you have built isn't operating effectively? 
Identify and build mutually beneficial relationships with people who are seen as 
influencers within the company. Ask them to help you champion the need to build 
connections across team and organisational boundaries. Work to understand and 
recognise their concerns and get their input if they are sceptical, then proactively ask 
them for their help. Reciprocate by providing appropriate support for their ideas and 
objectives. Use alliances with influencers to help manage the opinions of detractors. 
●  Look for opportunities to make the contribution of others more visible than your own, 

particularly when the contributions arise from cross-departmental collaboration. When 
presenting publicly, find a way to recognise those who contributed to the ideas and 
the work behind your presentation. Take opportunities in meetings to bring up the 
accomplishments and interests of these cross-departmental collaborations, where 
appropriate. Make this practice a regular habit. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

10 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Assessment Methodology 

This Profile is based upon the following sources of information for Mr Sample Candidate: 

Questionnaire / Ability Test 

Comparison Group 

OPQ32r UK English v1 (Std Inst) 

OPQ32r UK English Public Sector 2012 (AUS) 

ABOUT THIS REPORT 

This report was generated using SHL’s Online Assessment System. It includes information from the Occupational 
Personality QuestionnaireTM (OPQ32). The use of this questionnaire is limited to those people who have received 
specialist training in its use and interpretation. 

The report herein is generated from the results of a questionnaire answered by the respondent(s) and substantially 
reflects the answers made by them. Due consideration must be given to the subjective nature of questionnaire-based 
ratings in the interpretation of this data. 

This report has been generated electronically - the user of the software can make amendments and additions to the text 
of the report. 

SHL Global Management Limited and its associated companies cannot guarantee that the contents of this report are the 
unchanged output of the computer system. We can accept no liability for the consequences of the use of this report and 
this includes liability of every kind (including negligence) for its contents. 

Report Version: Enterprise Leadership Report v1.0RE 

www.shl.com 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. SHL and OPQ are trademarks registered in the United Kingdom and 
other countries. 

This report has been produced by SHL for the benefit of its client and contains SHL intellectual property. As such, SHL 
permits its client to reproduce, distribute, amend and store this report for its internal and non-commercial use only. All 
other rights of SHL are reserved. 

26 September 2018 

Enterprise Leadership Report 

Mr Sample Candidate 

11 of 11 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
