Title: Entry Level Technical Support Solution
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/entry-level-technical-support-solution/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: P, C
Languages: Latin American Spanish, German, Chinese Simplified, Finnish, Danish, English (USA), English International, French (Canada), Italian, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish, Arabic,
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 18

Description:
The Precise Fit Entry Level Technical Support Solution is for entry-level positions in which employees provide technical assistance to computer users in a contact center environment. Sample tasks for these jobs include, but are not limited to: answer questions or resolve computer problems for clients in person, via telephone, or electronically, provide assistance concerning the use of computer hardware and software, including printing, installation, word processing, electronic mail, and
operating systems.
Report Language Availability: English (USA)

PDF Text:
Sample Candidate

candidate_email@mail.com

Help Desk Analyst - Entry Level Technical Support

Candidate InformationCandidate :   Mr   Fn_1542015707652   Ls_1542015707652Email :   Automation_1542015707652@shl.comAssessment Profile:   Project Name:   Entry Level technical supportCompletion Date:   11-12-2018Disclaimer :  Information enclosed on these pages is confidential in nature and is intended only for the person(s) to whom it pertains or other authorized individuals.You must not rely on the information in the report as an alternative to certain advice from an appropriately qualified professional. If you have anyspecific questions about any specific matter you should consult an appropriately qualified professional.  Entry Level Technical SupportInstructionsPrepare for the Interview:In order to conduct an effective interview, appropriate preparation needs to take place. It is important to complete the following beforeinterviewing an applicant:Become familiar with the competencies associated with the job and choose one or two questions from each competency to ask theinterviewee.Review the candidate's application or resume and make note of any issues that you need to follow-up on. Some examples of potentialissues are gaps in employment or working at a job for less than a year.Greeting and Introduction:Now you are ready to meet the applicant. When greeting the applicant introduce yourself and provide him/her some background informationabout yourself. Explain the purpose of the interview, for example, 'The purpose of the interview is to determine if there is a match betweenyour interests and qualifications and the position.' Provide the interviewee with a brief overview of the interview structure so that he/she knowswhat to expect. Here are some tips for structuring the interview:Take notes. It will make it easier to evaluate the applicants afterward without forgetting the specific details.Tell the applicant that there will be time at the end of the interview for any questions that he/she may have.At the end of the interview tell the applicant about the company and the specific job that he/she is applying for.Ask Competency-based Interview Questions:Now you are ready to begin asking questions. Begin with questions that you have about the interviewee's application or resume. Askquestions about his/her previous work history or any potential issues that you noticed from the resume. When these are complete, transitioninto the structured part of the interview by asking questions associated with competencies for the job. Probe the applicant to give you acomplete answer by asking Situation, Behavior, Outcome probes.Bring the Interview to a Close:When all of the questions are asked, you need to close the interview. Give the applicant specific details including the job duties, hours worked,compensation, and information about the company. Sell the position and company to the applicant by emphasizing job fit, sources for jobsatisfaction, and opportunities for growth. Finally, close the interview by thanking the candidate for his/her time and by giving him/her a timelinefor the application process.Rate the Applicant:The last step is to evaluate the candidate. Some tips to help you complete a good evaluation are:Review your notes.Determine ratings for the applicant on each competency as well as an overall rating by using the anchor scales.Determine your final recommendation. RecommendedOverall Score3070100Percentile 86DetailsCustomer FocusThis is a measure of the tendency to show persistent enthusiasm when interacting with customers. This traitis characterized by: apologizing sincerely for inconveniences; being patient; tolerating rude customers calmly;and searching for information or products for customers.   3070100Please describe the situation when you most effectively handled a dissatisfied customer.Situation: What was the situation?  How did you find out that the customer was unhappy?Behavior: How did you respond to the customer?Outcome: What was the customer's reaction?  What has happened with the customer sincethat situation?Sometimes people do not understand what we are trying to tell them, so we need to repeatwhat we said or try to explain it in a different way.  Tell me about the most difficult time youhave had trying to explain something to someone.Situation: What were you trying to tell them?  What obstacles did you face in yourcommunications?Behavior:  How did you overcome these obstacles?Outcome: How did the people respond to you?  What was the outcome of the situation?It can be difficult to cope with interruptions and requests for help when you have a lot todo at work.  Tell me about a time you were under the most pressure when a customer orcoworker asked for your help.Situation:  What was the source of the time pressure?  What kind of help did the otherperson need?Behavior:  What was your response?Outcome:  What happened with this situation? Below AverageAverageAbove AveragePercentile 9912345Fails to meet even the mostbasic customer needs;makes no effort to satisfycustomer's needs; showsdisinterest in servingcustomers.Meets customer expectationsby fulfilling requests.Goes well beyond normalexpectations to servecustomers; demonstratesstrong commitments tocustomer service; personallygoes beyond the call of duty.Fails to respond to customerneeds and concerns in atimely manner; refuses tohelp others, regardless ofhow busy he/she is;responds slowly and withouta sense of urgency when aclient comes with a pressingneed; ignores feedback fromcustomers regardingproducts and services; doesnot seek feedback fromcustomers.Responds quickly tocustomer needs, concerns,and requests once they areidentified.Anticipates and addressesnear and longer termcustomer needs andpotential problems; makesan effort to understand andaddress customers'/others'needs and desires; seeksfeedback from customersabout all products andservices.Avoids helping others; issullen or unfriendly whenrequired to help others;challenges or confrontsdifficult customers, therebyescalating hostility.Explores ways to increasecustomer satisfaction(typically as it relates to thecurrent transaction).Is courteous and friendlyeven when handling adifficult customer.Acts irritated when dealingwith a dissatisfied customer;does not apologize or lookfor ways to resolve theproblem.Emphasizes the need forproviding good customerservice and help to others.Apologizes sincerely whendealing with a dissatisfiedcustomer and does what isnecessary to make theperson happy.Works to sell products andservices only; does notincorporate customer needsinto available products andservices; takes a one-size-fits-all approach; does nottry to match solutions tocustomer's needs.Apologizes to the customer,and deals with the currentproblem, but does not goout of his/her way to satisfythe customer.Incorporates customer needsand requirements intoservices and products;works with customers toexplore the best way to meettheir needs, even if it meansnot making a sale.Rarely looks for ways toenhance customersatisfaction.Makes an effort to satisfycustomer needs.Actively explores ways toenhance customersatisfaction and overallexperience with thecompany.Works autonomouslyThis measures the extent to which the candidate works well without supervision or engaging others. Percentile 30  3070100Tell me about a time you were given an assignment with little supervision.Situation: What was the assignment?Behavior: How did you handle any problems you encountered?Outcome: What were the results of the assignment?Tell me about a time when you thought about asking for help or advice on a task, butdecided to work it out on your own.Situation: What did you think you might need help on?Behavior: How did you go about deciding the best way to handle the task?Outcome: What was the outcome of you handling the task on your own?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Was uncertain on how toproceed with the workwithout direct input fromhis/her supervisor.Finished the work withoutdetailed direction oncegeneral guidance was given.Did the work with confidenceguided by the organization'spolicies.Understands othersThis measures the extent to which the candidate observes and analyzes behavior to understand others'reactions and perspectives. Percentile 57  3070100Tell me about a situation where you changed your plans in consideration of other people'sviews.Situation: What were your original plans? Why was it important to consider other people'sviews?Behavior: What did you do to consider other people's views? How did you change yourplans?Outcome: How did everyone feel about the modified plan? Tell me about a time when you had to think about a situation from someone else'sperspective.Situation: What was the situation? Who was the other person?Behavior: How did you approach changing your perspective?Outcome: What happened after you had considered the situation from the other person'sperspective?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Found it difficult tounderstand why someonebehaved a certain way; wasnot able to see a situationfrom someone else'sperspective.Had some insight into whysomeone behaved a certainway; could mostly see thesituation as someone elsesaw it.Understood why someonebehaved a certain way; couldaccurately see the situationfrom another point of view.Demonstrates empathyThis measures the extent to which the candidate is aware of others' needs and extends a helping hand. Percentile 31  3070100Tell me about a time when you had to put the needs of others ahead of your own.Situation: What was the situation? What did you have to sacrifice in order to meet theneeds of the other person?Behavior: What did you do to accommodate this person?Outcome: What was the outcome of the situation?Tell me about a time when you had to listen to someone talk about their fears andconcerns.Situation: What was the situation?Behavior: Were you able to take the time to listen to the person? How did you go aboutmaking the person feel listened to?Outcome: How did the person feel when you left him/her?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Showed a lack of empathyfor others' experiences,needs or feelings.Showed empathy for otherswho were similar tohimself/herself; might havehad trouble showingempathy towards someonewho was different.Tried to understand thefeelings of someone quitedifferent than him/her self ina genuine and caringmanner.Maintains good workingrelationshipsThis measures the extent to which the candidate puts effort into developing good relationships with others. Percentile 15  3070100Tell me about a time when you established a connection with an individual who was hard toget along with. Situation: What was the situation? In what way was the person difficult to get along with?Behavior: What did you do to try to build a relationship with the person?Outcome: What was the outcome? Were you successful in building a relationship with theperson?Tell me about a time when it was important for you to develop a good working relationshipwith a peer or a co-worker. Situation: What was the situation? Why was it important for you to develop therelationship?Behavior: What did you do to maintain the working relationship?Outcome: How did the relationship benefit you?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Did not seek to improve ormaintain strong relationshipswith others at work.Maintained strongrelationships with others inimmediate work group.Built strong workrelationships both within andoutside of immediate workgroup.Generates new ideasThis measures the extent to which the candidate creates innovative approaches. Percentile 31  3070100Tell me about a time when you used a creative approach to solve a problem or issue.Situation: What was the problem or issue?Behavior: How did you generate this new approach?Outcome: What were the results of your actions?Tell me about a time you offered a novel idea or viewpoint to a co-worker or group.Situation: What prompted you to share the idea?Behavior: What idea or viewpoint did you offer and what made it novel?Outcome: How was your idea received?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Proposed out of date ideasor methods that lackcreativity.Recognized when longstanding methods orprocedures were no longereffective and came up withnew options.Shared a fresh viewpointand easily came up withinnovative and creativemethods or approaches.Copes with uncertaintyThis measures the extent to which the candidate is productive when roles and situations are not clearlydefined. Percentile 30  3070100When was the last time you learned a new skill that you were unsure about?Situation: What was the situation? Why did you have to learn the new skill?Behavior: What did you do to learn the new skill? Outcome: What was the outcome?Tell me about a situation in which you had to cope with a particularly difficult or demandingtask.Situation: What was the situation and the task?Behavior: What did you do to cope?Outcome: What was the outcome?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Was uncomfortable whenthere was a lack of clearinformation.Was comfortable when therewas a lack of unclearinformation; vieweduncertainty in a positive light.Viewed uncertainty in theworkplace as exciting; sawopportunities in times ofambiguity.Thrives under pressureThis measures the extent to which the candidate keeps things in perspective and stays calm and focusedwhen under pressure. Percentile 44  3070100Tell me about time you worked most effectively under pressure.Situation: What made the situation high pressure? Behavior: What did you do to cope with the pressure? Outcome: What were the results of the project/assignment?Please describe a risk you took that did not turn out the way you expected.Situation: What was the situation? What prompted you to take this risk? How did youexpect the situation to turn out?Behavior: What steps did you take to correct it?Outcome: How did it actually turn out?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Found it difficult to producequality work or makedecisions under pressure.Maintained levels ofproductivity at work whenunder pressure.Maintained productivity atwork when under pressure,with no impact on workquality.Controls emotionsThis measures the extent to which the candidate keeps negative emotions under control. Percentile 61  3070100Tell me about a stressful time when you maintained your composure when an obstacle wasplaced in your way.Situation: What was stressful about the situation?Behavior: What specific actions did you take to deal with the obstacle or constraint?Outcome: How has this experience helped you in other stressful situations?Describe an occasion when something at work was causing you to feel frustrated.Situation: What was the situation? Who or what was causing you to feel frustrated?Behavior: How did you approach your work at the time?Outcome: What was the outcome?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Was not able to effectivelycontrol emotions in stressfulsituations.Controlled emotions whenunder stress but struggled tomaintain the same level ofproductivity or focus.Reacted calmly andconfidently when faced witha crisis; did not let emotionsaffect productivity or focus.Strives to achieveThis measures the extent to which the candidate sets demanding goals and makes a determined effort tomeet or exceed them. Percentile 29  3070100Tell me about your most important career objective. Situation: When did you set this goal? Why is it so important to you?Behavior: What you have done to try to achieve this objective?Outcome: What progress have you made? Give me an example of the most challenging goal you set for yourself and how you wentabout trying to achieve it. Situation: What was the situation? What was the goal?Behavior: What did you do to achieve them? Outcome: What was the outcome?Below AverageAverageAbove Average12345Showed little evidence of adrive to succeed; may haveexpended only minimalenergy or time to completework.Put forth enough effort toaccomplish goals.Set and achievedchallenging goals andpersisted with extra effort.
