Title: Entry Level Customer Service (General) Solution
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/entry-level-customer-service-general-solution/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: C, P
Languages: English (USA), English International, French (Canada), Italian, Dutch, Norwegian, Finnish, Danish, Latin American Spanish, German, French, Chinese Simplified, Swedish, Arabic,
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 14

Description:
The Precise Fit Entry Level Customer Service Solution (General) is for a wide range of entry-level positions where employees are expected to interact with customers when carrying out critical tasks of the job. This includes positions that require frequent interactions with customers, or positions where customer service is not central to the role, but is still essential for successful performance on the job. Sample tasks for these jobs include, but are not limited to: interacting with customers on the phone to provide information; taking orders; solving product or service issues; and responding positively to difficult or irate customers.
Report Language Availability: English (USA)

PDF Text:
Sample Candidate

candidate_email@mail.com

Office Clerk - Entry Level Customer Service (Gen)

 RecommendedCandidate InformationCandidate :   Mr   CSRSO   USEmail :   Csrf@ceb.comAssessment Profile:   Project Name:   Customer Service Role Sift Out - USECompletion Date:   03-26-2018Disclaimer :  Information enclosed on these pages is confidential in nature and is intended only for the person(s) to whom it pertains or other authorized individuals.You must not rely on the information in the report as an alternative to certain advice from an appropriately qualified professional. If you have anyspecific questions about any specific matter you should consult an appropriately qualified professional.  Entry Level Customer Service (General)InstructionsThis report is confidential and its contents are intended to assist in the prediction of an applicant's work behavior. If you would like moreinformation about this interpretive report or other products that SHL offers, please contact your account representative.Overall Score3070100Percentile 57DetailsCustomer FocusThis is a measure of the tendency to show persistent enthusiasm when interacting with customers. This traitis characterized by: apologizing sincerely for inconveniences; being patient; tolerating rude customers calmly;and searching for information or products for customers.Percentile 483070100The candidate will usually meet customer needs and solve basic problems. However,he/she may also sometimes interrupt or fail to pay attention when customers speak. Thecandidate may also forget to give customers special information, or fail to communicateclearly with customers.ResponsibilityThis measures the tendency to be aware of and follow company policies and procedures, including: workingin an organized manner, returning from meals and breaks on time, and working when coworkers are notworking.Percentile 723070100The candidate is likely to be dependable and responsible on the job. He/she is likely toadhere to rules and show self-control and stability in behavior. The candidate has atendency to be careful while performing tasks and takes responsibility for his/her work.Learning PotentialThis is a measure of the potential for success in jobs across industry type and functional area. Candidates'responses to questions regarding developmental influences, educational and work history, and related valuesand attitudes are compared with response profiles from successful employees. These items are significantlyrelated to a traditional cognitive test of learning ability. Percentile 43  3070100The candidate's score indicates that his/her responses regarding education and work-related experiences are similar to those with average learning ability. The candidate shouldbe able to learn work-related tasks, processes, and procedures during the allotted trainingperiod. The candidate will be able to perform simple numerical calculations with ease, butmay require assistance when dealing with more complex problems. The candidate willperform at an average level in positions requiring these abilities.
