Title: Entry Level Cashier Solution
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/entry-level-cashier-solution/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: C, P
Languages: English (USA), English International, French (Canada), German, Italian, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Finnish, Swedish, Danish, Arabic, Chinese Simplified, Latin American Spanish,
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 19

Description:
The Precise Fit Entry Level Cashier Solution is for entry-level retail positions in which employees receive payment in the form of cash, check, or credit cards for goods purchased. Sample tasks for these jobs include, but are not limited to: handling payments, offering customer service, and issuing receipts and refunds.
Report Language Availability: English (USA)

PDF Text:
Sample Candidate

candidate_email@mail.com

Cashier- Entry Level Cashier

 Recommended Candidate InformationCandidate :     Fiona   Gibson    Email :   fiona.gibson@shl.comAssessment Profile:   Project Name:   FG mixed content #2Completion Date:   10-11-2018Disclaimer :  Information enclosed on these pages is confidential in nature and is intended only for the person(s) to whom it pertains or other authorized individuals.You must not rely on the information in the report as an alternative to certain advice from an appropriately qualified professional. If you have anyspecific questions about any specific matter you should consult an appropriately qualified professional.  Entry Level CashierInstructionsThis report is confidential and its contents are intended to assist in the prediction of an applicant's work behavior. If you would like moreinformation about this interpretive report or other products that SHL offers, please contact your account representative.Overall Score3070100Percentile 71DetailsCustomer FocusThis is a measure of the tendency to show persistent enthusiasm when interacting with customers. This traitis characterized by: apologizing sincerely for inconveniences; being patient; tolerating rude customers calmly;and searching for information or products for customers. Percentile 95  3070100The candidate is likely to be competent and courteous by communicating effectively,showing persistent enthusiasm in customer interactions, and giving customers full attention.The candidate is also likely to tolerate rude customers calmly, find solutions for customerproblems, and remain cheerful throughout the workday.Understands othersThis measures the extent to which the candidate observes and analyzes behavior to understand others'reactions and perspectives. Percentile 29  3070100This candidate may not actively seek to understand the behavior, reactions, or perspectivesof others.Shows courtesyThis measures the extent to which the candidate is patient, polite and respectful. Percentile 28  3070100This candidate may miss opportunities to treat others with the highest respect.Maintains good workingrelationshipsThis measures the extent to which the candidate puts effort into developing good relationships with others. Percentile 9  3070100This candidate may not place a high value on their work relationships and may be lesslikely to act in ways that strengthen these relationships over time.Creates a positiveimpressionThis measures the extent to which the candidate manages own behavior to create a positive impression. Percentile 10  3070100This candidate may not be as concerned about how they appear to others, preferring topresent themselves just as they are.Works to high qualitystandardsThis measures the extent to which the candidate completes every task with a high degree of quality. Percentile 19  3070100This candidate may not be conscious of the quality of their work, and can be satisfied witha task even if everything is not done properly.Accepts directionThis measures the extent to which the candidate accepts direction from others willingly. Percentile 18  3070100This candidate may not readily cooperate with management and may not accept directionwithout first questioning the decisions leading to it.Complies with rules andregulationsThis measures the extent to which the candidate adheres to rules, guidelines and procedures. Percentile 45  3070100This candidate is likely to follow rules, guidelines and procedures, although may sometimesbreak them when they are inconvenient.Adapts to changeThis measures the extent to which the candidate accepts and adapts to changes without difficulty. Percentile 26  3070100This candidate may be uncomfortable with changes in their work environment, and takelonger to adapt to new changes.Works energeticallyThis measures the extent to which the candidate keeps busy at work and enjoys taking on newresponsibilities. Percentile 47  3070100This candidate will likely prefer a full workload or schedule that keeps them busy most ofthe time, and will take on new responsibilities as long as they do not become too taxing ordemanding.
