Title: Entry Level Hotel Front Desk Solution
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/entry-level-hotel-front-desk-solution/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: C, P
Languages: French (Canada), Italian, French, Chinese Simplified, Swedish, Arabic, English (USA), English International, Latin American Spanish, German, Dutch, Norwegian, Finnish, Danish,
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 20

Description:
The Precise Fit Entry Level Hotel Front Desk Solution is for entry-level customer service positions in the hospitality industry. The solution is appropriate for positions in which the majority of the work is done at the front or guest check-in desk. Sample tasks may include: welcoming guests warmly, issuing keys to guests, and accepting payment.
Report Language Availability: English (USA)

PDF Text:
Sample Candidate

candidate_email@mail.com

Front Desk Agent - Entry Level Hotel Front Desk

 Recommended Candidate InformationCandidate :   Mr   FRA   Test    Email :   werwe@fghfg.xccvxAssessment Profile:   Project Name:   wf_entrylevelhotelCompletion Date:   08-24-2018Disclaimer :  Information enclosed on these pages is confidential in nature and is intended only for the person(s) to whom it pertains or other authorized individuals.You must not rely on the information in the report as an alternative to certain advice from an appropriately qualified professional. If you have anyspecific questions about any specific matter you should consult an appropriately qualified professional.  Entry Level Hotel Front DeskInstructionsThis report is confidential and its contents are intended to assist in the prediction of an applicant's work behavior. If you would like moreinformation about this interpretive report or other products that SHL offers, please contact your account representative.Overall Score3070100Percentile 49DetailsCustomer FocusThis is a measure of the tendency to show persistent enthusiasm when interacting with customers. This traitis characterized by: apologizing sincerely for inconveniences; being patient; tolerating rude customers calmly;and searching for information or products for customers. Percentile 22  3070100The candidate is more likely than other candidates to act irritated by customers' requests.He/she may have a tendency to argue with customers if the customers do not agree withhim/her. The candidate is likely to take a long time processing customers' transactions andfinding information for customers.Understands othersThis measures the extent to which the candidate observes and analyzes behavior to understand others'reactions and perspectives. Percentile 69  3070100This candidate is likely to try and understand the behavior of others and show someawareness of others' points of view.Listens effectivelyThis measures the extent to which the candidate listens patiently and attentively. Percentile 87  3070100This candidate is likely to show interest and attention to what others say withoutinterruption. They wait for others to finish speaking before forming an opinion.Shows courtesyThis measures the extent to which the candidate is patient, polite and respectful. Percentile 91  3070100This candidate is more likely to be consistently pleasant, polite, patient, respectful, andconsiderate of others.Maintains good workingrelationshipsThis measures the extent to which the candidate puts effort into developing good relationships with others. Percentile 72  3070100This candidate is likely to place a priority on their working relationships and put effort intomaintaining these relationships over time.Creates a positiveimpressionThis measures the extent to which the candidate manages own behavior to create a positive impression. Percentile 77  3070100This candidate is more likely to make a good first impression, dress appropriately for anysituation, and appear professional at all times.Generates new ideasThis measures the extent to which the candidate creates innovative approaches. Percentile 83  3070100This candidate can be expected to continuously offer original ideas and perspectiveswithout being prompted to do so.Thrives under pressureThis measures the extent to which the candidate keeps things in perspective and stays calm and focusedwhen under pressure. Percentile 66  3070100This candidate may have some loss in productivity when work pressures increase, and findit challenging to remain calm when under pressure.Controls emotionsThis measures the extent to which the candidate keeps negative emotions under control. Percentile 94  3070100This candidate is likely to be able to contain and control negative emotions in difficultsituations, and avoid emotional displays.Strives to achieveThis measures the extent to which the candidate sets demanding goals and makes a determined effort tomeet or exceed them. Percentile 65  3070100This candidate is likely to set goals that are somewhat demanding but still achievable. Theyare likely to show good effort but may tend to focus on the most achievable goals.
