Title: Executive Scenarios
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/executive-scenarios/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: B
Languages: Italian, English (USA), English International, Korean,
Job Levels: Director, Executive, Manager,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = Untimed

Description:
Executive Scenarios is a unique test of Managerial Judgement - an individual’s ability to decide on effective ways of handling real life situations. It is specifically designed to assess judgement in Executives; a group who typically has significant work experience to draw on. It consists of hypothetical scenarios, each followed by several possible responses. Candidates rate the effectiveness of each response, using a 6-point scale, from highly undesirable to highly desirable. It can be used for recruitment, selection, training and development, performance management and coaching in a variety of functions and industries.

Reports available: 

Executive Scenarios Narrative Report:  A participant focused report that contains;  
 - Executive Scenarios profile
 - VERY detailed narrative feedback of each of the 4 scales;  Managerial Judgement, Managing Objectives, People Management and Reputation Management.
 - Development tips for each of the 6 style scales;  Leading and Managing the work, Using external help, One-to-one, Workforce, Organisational support, Commercial support.

Executive Scenarios Profile: Displays all scores on these scales in terms of four types of norm system; T-scores, Percentiles, Stens and Grades.

PDF Text:
Executive Scenarios 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

Executive Scenarios is a version of Scenarios, a test which assesses Managerial Judgement. It is a 
unique test of Managerial Judgement - an individual’s ability to decide on effective ways of handling 
“real life” situations. This version of Scenarios (also available as a Managerial and Graduate version) is 
designed to support the recruitment and development of the most senior managers and executives. 

Job Family/Title 

All 

Details 

Average Testing Time (minutes) 

30 minutes 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

Untimed 

Maximum Number of Questions 

12 scenarios, 60 questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

Question Format 

Product Category 

One 

Yes 

Rating scale 

Scenarios 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

We define ‘Managerial Judgement’ as an individual’s ability to weigh up ‘real life’ managerial situations 
and decide on appropriate and effective ways of handling them. Executive Scenarios therefore 
measures: 

Managerial Judgement: Overall assessment 

Managing Objectives: Making best use of energies, prioritisation, consultation, and alignment with 
objectives 

People Management: Managing a team, balancing people issues with motivation and performance, 
coaching/counselling, leading and encouraging 

Corporate Management: Supporting, sustaining and being positive about the organisation 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 1 

www.shl.com
