Title: HiPo Unlocking Potential Report 2.0
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/hipo-unlocking-potential-report-2-0/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: C
Languages: nan
Job Levels: nan
Assessment Length: nan

Description:
This report draws insights from the Occupational Personality QuestionnaireTM (OPQ32). Used for individuals who are selected into a client’s HiPo program, it provides a detailed analysis of managerial and leadership potential.

PDF Text:
Sales Transformation DevelopmentReport - Individual Contributor

Unlocking 
Potential Report

Name Sample Candidate1

Date 25.10.2023

Contents

1 About this Report

2 How to use this Report

3 Summary of Competency Potential

4 Development Activities

5 Development Plan

6 Assessment Methodology

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  2/30

.

1. About this Report

You recently completed a series of assessments to identify strengths and development needs against critical 
competencies required for long-term success in managerial and leadership contexts. The assessments used 
to identify development areas include:

A self-report
questionnaire

This measures your preferences and 
behavioural styles in relation to different 
aspects of working life. This questionnaire 
provides insights into specific competencies 
by making comparisons with a large relevant 
comparison group of similar managers and 
professionals.

One or more timed multiple-choice 
cognitive tests

You may have also completed tests that 
assess your ability to interpret and reason 
with various types of information. They 
measure analytical thinking, problem 
solving, and decision-making 
competencies that are critical to success 
in more senior roles.

Information from these tools is used to predict your likely strength in a number of essential managerial and 
leadership competencies. This report provides an indication of your likely strength in each competency area 
and suggests targeted development activities for each area.

The guidance in this report is not intended to be definitive; it is a starting point to discuss your development 
plan in the context of your current and future career growth. This information in the report is most beneficial 
when reviewed and prioritised with input from others (such as your manager).

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  3/30

.

2. How to use this Report

This report includes three sections:

A summary of your ratings on 20 Managerial and Leadership competencies.

Development activities for each competency at two levels of capability.

A personal development plan template for use in creating a development plan.

Follow the instructions below to identify priority areas and select development activities:

● Review the results in the Summary of Competency Potential Ratings section. These tables show the strength of your potential 

for each of the 20 competencies based on the assessment results.

● Identify up to six (6) competencies to include in a focused development plan.

○ These are likely to be competencies where you have 'lower potential strength' but you should also consider the MOST 

IMPORTANT competencies necessary for your success in the short term (the next 12 months).

○ If you are unsure about which areas to focus on, discuss them with your manager or HR lead.

○ The final list of competencies for development focus should be no more than six (6).

● Using these prioritised competencies, refer to the Development Activities section and identify areas for development.

○ Review the Levels of Capability definitions for each competency. Decide which level is most appropriate for you to achieve 

within the next 12 months.

○ Review and select one or more Development Activities to include in your development plan. (More detailed instructions are 

included in Section 4 below.)

● Use the Personal Development Plan section to create a targeted plan to develop and accelerate your capabilities in these areas.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  4/30

.

Instructions: Review each competency and your potential strength in the two tables below. Use the 'Select for Development?' column to 
identify NO MORE than six (6) total competencies (across both tables) to include in a development plan. You should consider both your ratings 
3. Summary of Competency Potential
on the competencies and the importance of the competencies to success in your existing or future role within the next 12 months.

Instructions: Review each competency and your potential strength in the tables below. Use the tick boxes to identify NO MORE than six 
(6) total competencies (across all tables) to include in a development plan. You should consider both your ratings on the competencies 
and the importance of the competencies to success in your existing or future role within the next 12 months.

Leadership and Management Competencies

Low

High

Analysing & 
Interpreting

Writing

Understands written information; writes clearly, 
succinctly, and correctly, avoiding jargon and complexity; 
structures written information to meet the audience’s 
needs and stimulate interest.

Applying Expertise & Technology

Applies functional and technical expertise to accomplish 
work; uses technology systems to communicate 
information; adopts, operates, and repairs job-related 
technology effectively; generates new functionality 
within technology systems.

Critical Thinking

Gains an understanding of the situation or problem; 
evaluates, integrates, and categorises information to 
identify issues, patterns, trends, and relationships; 
challenges assumptions and draws informed conclusions 
that enable effective approaches and solutions.

Adapting & 
Coping

Adaptability 

Adapts well to ambiguity, change, and different cultures; 
finds positive opportunities in these circumstances.

Resilience

Works productively under pressure; maintains a positive 
outlook; controls emotions; handles failure or criticism 
well and learns from it.

Supporting & 
Co-operating

Collaboration

Accepts and appreciates other people; demonstrates 
courtesy and compassion; supports, encourages, and 
thanks others; consults, listens, and understands others; 
promotes diversity and builds morale, team cohesion, and 
collaboration.

Ethics & Values

Upholds ethical standards and values; maintains 
confidentiality; follows through on commitments; 
encourages responsibility towards the community and 
the environment.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  5/30

.

Organising & 
Executing

Creating & 
Conceptualising

Planning & Organising

Sets objectives that align with team and organisational 
goals; develops plans, commits to timelines, and uses 
time effectively; anticipates, allocates, and monitors 
resources to deliver work requirements; documents job 
information.

Delivering Results

Puts customers first; works to high quality standards; 
works systematically; attends to multiple tasks; stays 
focused; performs repetitive tasks; shows commitment to 
the organisation.

Dependability

Takes direction from others; adheres to regulations, 
policies, procedures, and legal obligations; is punctual and 
reliable; performs work in a safe and secure manner, 
prioritising the safety and security of individuals, 
materials, and information.

Learning

Identifies the information needed to address an issue; 
gathers information from routine and non-routine 
sources to support decision-making; assimilates new 
information quickly; masters new techniques easily.

Creativity & Innovation

Embraces new ideas; seeks out diverse perspectives; 
reassesses, experiments, and brainstorms to generate 
ideas and insights; thinks in new and different ways to 
create innovative approaches and solutions.

Strategic Thinking

Thinks broadly and considers important issues that 
impact success today and in the future; develops 
strategies to achieve critical outcomes; proactively seeks 
opportunities to introduce change.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  6/30

.

Interacting & 
Presenting

Leading & 
Deciding

Enterprising & 
Performing

Building Relationships

Develops relationships and builds networks; creates a 
positive impression and builds rapport; adapts approach 
to interact effectively with others; effectively manages 
conflict; helps others succeed.

Influence

Establishes credibility and uses compelling insights to 
appeal to others’ needs and persuade them to a different 
point of view; navigates political situations and negotiates 
to gain agreement from others and achieve desired 
outcomes.

Communication

Understands spoken information; speaks clearly and 
understandably; presents with confidence; gauges 
audience reaction, interest, and understanding, and 
adjusts communication style or content accordingly.

Decision Making

Makes prompt decisions, even when they involve risk; 
makes difficult decisions, even when they involve tough 
choices; makes well-informed and considered decisions; 
takes responsibility for results.

Leadership 

Leads groups and delegates work based on skills and 
potential; empowers others and motivates high 
performance; sets clear expectations and standards for 
performance; monitors work and coaches others to 
develop their full potential.

Initiative

Tackles demanding goals enthusiastically; seeks out 
progressively more difficult assignments and roles; 
proactively identifies and acts on opportunities and 
improvement areas; accomplishes work autonomously; 
strives to outperform others.

Commercial Thinking 

Considers revenue, cost, and risk factors that drive 
organisational performance; identifies and secures new 
business; optimises resources to deliver more with less; 
manages and mitigates risks; maintains awareness of 
external factors impacting the business.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  7/30

.

4. Development Activities

Determine the target level of capability and development objectives by competency

● Refer to the Development Activities pages that follow.

● There are two Levels of Capability shown for each competency. Review the behavioural indicators for the Intermediate 
and Mastery levels of proficiency. These are a consistent and objective definition of target behaviours for each of the two 
levels. Identify the level of proficiency required for you to achieve in the next 12 months as determined by yourself and 
your manager/HR lead.

● Record the Target Level of Capability in the second column of the development plan.

● Use the associated behaviours listed to identify the Development Objective in your development plan.

● Tip: The description of your development objective should be Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant and have a 

Timescale (i.e., it should be SMART).

Select relevant development activities

● After selecting the appropriate Level of Capability, review the list of development activities associated with this level of 
capability. For instance, if you are aiming to achieve an 'Intermediate' level of capability over the next 12 months, you 
should select development activities that are listed under the 'Intermediate' level.

● Under each level, you will see that there are a few possible development activities or experiences. Each development 
activity includes helpful action-oriented guidance and tips to fully leverage your development experience. Select the 
one or two activities that are most relevant to the competency that you are specifically trying to develop and enter 
these into your development plan. For instance, if you have decided that you need to work on writing in a more simple 
and succinct manner, select the development activities that will provide you with an opportunity to practise and refine 
these related behaviours.

Determine the support you need

You are encouraged to take responsibility for your own development, but this does not mean that you have to do it alone. 
Document what support you need and who can provide it in your development plan. For instance, your Line Manager may 
be able to act as a coach; HR may be able to organise specific learning activities for you; or select colleagues may be able to 
offer ongoing feedback and advice.

Set the timescale

● Your development plan should have timelines and deadlines. Setting deadlines helps to increase your commitment to 

the plan and makes it more likely that you will achieve it.

● Set a deadline for achieving the overall development objective. For example 'I will have presented my findings and 
recommendations to the cross-functional working group by the end of April this year.' You can also set milestones 
(interim goals) for completing each development activity.

Define a review process

Schedule time to review your development with your manager at regular intervals. The review should include the following 
questions: Have I met my development objective? Have I completed the development activities I planned? Have I achieved 
the outcome I wanted? What can I do to develop further in this competency area? Consider using a 180º or 360º feedback 
approach to monitor and evaluate your progress.

Repeat this process for each of the competencies in your development plan

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  8/30

.

4. Development Activities: Analysing & Interpreting

Writing

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Writes clearly and succinctly, using correct grammar and 

spelling. Uses a mix of simple and appropriately rich 
phraseology and sentence structure.

● Writes in a way that intended readers find engaging and 

interesting.

● Writes in a way that stimulates intense interest in readers as 
well as communicating information in a memorable fashion.

● Presents arguments in a highly engaging manner by using 
expressive and attention-grabbing language so that readers 
appreciate all relevant facets of an argument.

● Uses straightforward and accessible language when writing. 
Avoids unnecessary jargon, over-complicated language or 
idiomatic expressions.

● Uses paragraphs, sections, summaries and appendices 
correctly to give the written work a clear structure.

● Anticipates the information needs of readers, and tailors the 

length, content and style of written work to deliver maximum 
clarity.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Write a report for key stakeholders in your team or 
department, either giving the rationale for an existing 
activity or project, or presenting the case for a new project 
or initiative.

● Structure the report to ensure clear communication with 
readers, including an executive summary, appendices, 
headings, etc.

● Consider your stakeholders. Who is the report for? What 

style and tone is most appropriate?

● Balance writing engagingly and persuasively with clarity 

and succinctness. Check for jargon.

Create a document for your team that summarises data 
from a number of sources, for example, an overview of 
departmental or business performance over the year.

● Develops points and arguments from initial simplicity to 
comprehensiveness, giving the overall work a logical 
progression of ideas that is also compelling and 
enlightening.

Mastery

As part of your involvement in a cross-functional project or 
group, write a document, proposal, or other advisory 
document that will be used to brief internal stakeholders 
who are unfamiliar with the subject matter, but whose 
buy-in is important to the success of the group.

● Consider your audience. How receptive are they likely to 
be? What specific arguments are likely to convince or be 
relevant to them? How can you structure your points to 
lead them clearly to this point?

● What does your audience need to know about the work the 
group has been doing? How can you make anything they 
might be less interested in engaging and interesting for 
them?

Prepare a document or report to present to a diverse 
group of stakeholders (internal and external) who may 
approach the issue you are writing about from different 
perspectives.

● What is the purpose of this document from your audience’s 
point of view? What information from the various sources 
will be most useful for your readers and provide most 
value?

● Consider the different levels of familiarity that your 

audience may have with the topic or issue. How can you 
balance detail with summaries to satisfy both sets of 
stakeholders?

● Choose a style and structure that will help the reader most 

effectively process the information you are writing about. What 
style will they find most engaging? What tools of rhetoric can 
you use to increase their understanding of the information 
(such as metaphors or examples from your own experience)?

● What structure can you use to keep your readers’ interest 
so they easily retain the information you are providing?

● Have you covered the topic from a variety of angles? Is your 
recommendation or summary of the information clear?

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  9/30

.

4. Development Activities: Analysing & Interpreting

Applying Expertise & Technology

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Demonstrates detailed knowledge and expertise in own area. 
Can answer technical queries from others. Shows knowledge 
of related issues and subject areas.

● Uses new technology and processes to enable own team or 

department to achieve work objectives.

● Demonstrates detailed and comprehensive knowledge of 
own area, and is recognised as an expert by people across 
the organisation. Maintains a comprehensive knowledge of 
related external issues and knows about research and 
upcoming developments.

● Proactively investigates ways that new technology can 

support the achievement of organisational objectives and 
significantly enhance overall performance.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Prepare and run a ‘Question & Answer’ session on your 
area of technical expertise for a group wider than just your 
own team (e.g., as part of another team’s regular meetings 
or as a lunchtime learning session).

Speak externally on up-to-date developments in your area 
of technical expertise, (e.g. present at an industry 
conference or support your organisation’s broadcast 
media PR).

● Prepare answers to some of the most common questions 
you or your team is asked before the event. Take questions 
as they come from the audience. Ensure your answers are 
knowledgeable but also pitched at the level of the 
audience.

● Use the experience to write up an FAQ (Frequently Asked 

Questions document) on the area. Use this to save you and 
the team time by providing it to your stakeholders to 
consult for common questions rather than asking the 
team. How else do you and the team use this document to 
streamline or reduce workload for your team and others? 
Can you or the team do this in other aspects of your work?

● Explore the latest in the specific technical area you're 

speaking on in even more depth before the opportunity. 
Consult a wide range of sources, looking at the differences 
between your own organisation’s approach and that of 
your competitors. What is special or unique about your 
own company’s expertise in the area? Be able to explain 
this in straightforward language.

● Are you presenting to experts or to laypeople? What is new 
and different about the viewpoint you are presenting? 
What are the two or three key points you want to get 
across?

Coach or mentor an individual from a different team in 
your area of technical expertise.

Go on a rotation to another part of the business to share 
your current expertise and develop new areas of expertise.

● Where and how can you best provide appropriate 

● Offer your skills and experience in an area of the business 

guidance, advice and support on your subject? What 
resources can you point them towards? What are the 
critical things they really need to know? How do you need 
to adapt your style of technical coaching to best support 
them?

that isn’t your core expertise. Develop an in-depth 
understanding of this organisational area, and use your 
experiences to identify new ways of collaborating across 
functions and departments to create a more effective 
interrelated system.

● Use this experience to understand any gaps in your own 

● Explore how the new area uses technology (software, 

knowledge about the area, and to help inform the way your 
team or department deals with others (like this individual) 
from different teams.

hardware, tools, systems, techniques, etc.), and discover 
efficiencies and redundancies that can be applied across 
the wider organisation.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  10/30

.

4. Development Activities: Analysing & Interpreting

Critical Thinking

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Analyses and integrates a range of potentially conflicting 

● Analyses and integrates diverse and complex quantitative 

numerical, verbal and other data from a number of sources.

and qualitative data from a wide range of sources.

● Perceives relationships and patterns within information, and 

● Sees key, high level trends across data sets. Recognises 

between causes and effects.

● Questions and challenges assumptions and their underlying 
logic. Seeks inputs from multiple sources to gain a clear and 
comprehensive understanding of the issue.

● Makes logical and well-reasoned judgments from an analysis of 

the information available. Takes account of additional 
information.

● Produces a number of workable solutions that meet the 
demands of the situation. Considers the practical issues 
relating to implementing the preferred solution.

● Demonstrates an awareness of how one issue may be part of a 
larger system, recognising that different processes may be 
affected by the solutions proposed.

subtle interrelationships among multiple issues and sees the 
potential effects on the overall system or process.

● Makes logical, rational, well-reasoned and defensible 

judgments from available information. Can extend the 
underlying rationale to make sense of and incorporate 
additional or unforeseen information.

● Produces a range of workable strategies aimed at solving 
numerous, possibly related issues. Considers the practical 
concerns regarding the implementation of a range of 
possible solutions.

● Uses systems thinking to investigate the complex 

relationships between seemingly unrelated issues. Steps 
away from solving the immediate problem to place it into a 
wider context. Considers the whole system, not just one 
issue or a localised cluster of issues.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Identify one of your team’s products or services that is not 
currently working as expected. Come up with solutions.

Single out an unprofitable business unit within the 
organisation. Come up with solutions to turn the 
performance of the business unit around.

● As part of your analysis of the above information, consider 

the problem from different perspectives. Consider practical 
issues, as well as the way that your potential solutions 
might affect other departments or teams. What are the 
interdependencies? What would be the consequences of 
each solution? What other products, services or 
departments would be affected by the changes you could 
make?

● Come up with at least three viable ways forward, and 

gather feedback from a variety of stakeholders on these 
solutions. Review the solutions in light of this feedback, and 
choose one to implement. Monitor the impact of these 
changes and, after a time, evaluate the success.

Identify a solution to a problem faced in a business critical 
area of the business, (e.g. Sales or Production) on which 
your team is reliant.

● As part of your analysis of the above information, consider 
the problem from different perspectives – external and 
internal stakeholders, financial, competitor, marketplace, 
the industry.

● Come up with a range of practical ways forward, and 

gather feedback from other senior stakeholders on these 
potential solutions. Review the solutions in light of this 
feedback, and choose the most appropriate ones to 
implement, balancing cost efficiency and/or effectiveness 
of solutions.

● Create a workable action plan with the leaders of the 

business unit, and support them through the 
implementation of these changes. Monitor the success of 
these changes.

Examine one of the biggest problems currently facing 
your organisation (e.g., competition, research and 
development, market conditions, talent), and come up 
with a new or different way of approaching it.

● What makes this area and therefore issue business-critical? 

● Why is this issue a problem for your organisation? Is it 

What are the challenges it is creating for you and the 
team? What problems does it create for the business area 
it is in? What potential financial, legal or other penalties 
could the business incur if this problem is not resolved?

● What data do you have to analyse the issue? What does 
this data tell you about the causes and effects of this 
problem? Review all the information available to come up 
with several solutions to this problem. With support from 
the business-critical area itself, move forward with 
implementing one of these solutions. Monitor the 
effectiveness of the solution, and apply any lessons learned 
to the next problem you face. Look for other places or 
teams in the organisation where a similar solution might 
be relevant.

common to your competitors? The wider marketplace? 
What is the impact of this issue on the business? Where 
does it fit within a wider context? What are the broader 
Political, Economic, Social, Technological, Legal and 
Environmental (PESTLE) factors? How can you apply 
systems thinking to investigate the relationships this issue 
has with other areas of the business?

● What data do you have around this problem? How have 

others solved this?

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  11/30

.

4. Development Activities: Adapting & Coping

Adaptability

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Adjusts own team's or department’s approach to embrace 

● Remains constantly alert for changing economic or 

changing circumstances.

● Promotes respect and sensitivity towards, as well as the 

benefits of, cultural and religious differences and diversity.

● Stays positive and upbeat in situations where definite 

information or direction is not available and seeks to take 
advantage of such settings.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Identify and implement an opportunity for change within 
the team – a new process or system, a role redefinition for 
one or more of the team, a different approach to their 
work.

● Be clear about the potential benefits of the change, and 
why it’s being introduced. Anticipate the ways in which 
members of the team might be resistant to the change. Do 
you have any reservations about the change yourself? 
What do you think about it? How do you feel about it?

● Decide on a plan for introducing the change. Positively role 

model the change to the team. Monitor where team 
members are on the change curve over the 
implementation period and provide appropriate ongoing 
personal or managerial support. After the change has 
become embedded, evaluate the impact of your approach.

Interact with a more diverse range of individuals in a week 
than you would normally (internal and external, level, role, 
organisation, demographic, etc.). After each interaction, 
review your approach as to what did and didn’t work so 
well and experiment across the week with different styles.

● How do you determine your style or behaviour with 

different individuals? Consider the individual’s needs and 
drivers, as well as their own personality and preferred style, 
and make a conscious choice about how you interact with 
them. Experiment with different approaches, and see 
which gets the best results.

● Have a discussion with these individuals about the style to 
which they respond best, get feedback on your approach, 
and look for opportunities to try different interpersonal 
approaches depending on the situation as well as the 
person.

organisational conditions and alters the organisation’s 
overall approach to incorporate them.

● Creates an organisational culture of actively espousing 

cultural and religious differences. Sees and champions the 
benefits of cultural and religious diversity, emphasising the 
advantages to the organisation.

● Sees ambiguity or uncertainty in the sector as an 

opportunity for the organisation to strengthen its overall 
position. Searches for growth opportunities wherever there 
is doubt or lack of clarity.

Mastery

Take responsibility for an opportunity where there is 
ambiguity, uncertainty or risk.

● Consider your own usual response to this type of situation. 
Do you thrive or hide? Examine your emotional reaction 
and how you exercise control in this sort of situation. 
Manage the risk or ambiguity where you can, but think 
about ways to feel ready in spite of the ambiguity and 
information gaps.

● Focus on the big picture, and acknowledge that there will 

be some aspects which will continue to be uncertain. Make 
decisions and accept an element of risk. Take the course of 
action that is best for the organisation as a whole, rather 
than your own divisional or functional team. Search for 
long-term growth opportunities wherever possible.

Create a business case for a change needed in the 
company because of changing economic or organisational 
conditions.

● What market or other conditions are driving this need for 
change? How do these conditions interrelate? How will it 
impact different stakeholder groups? What is the level of 
urgency involved? What are the potential benefits or 
rewards? Include both financial and quantitative benefits.

● What are the risks of not implementing the proposed 
changes? What will be the impact of the change if it 
doesn’t happen? Socialise the business case and get 
feedback on any gaps in the business case from relevant 
stakeholders before sharing it with key decision makers. 
Work with stakeholders and sponsors to make the change 
happen.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  12/30

.

4. Development Activities: Adapting & Coping

Resilience

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Returns strong levels of quality and quantity of work even in 

● Maintains visibly high levels of morale in the face of 

highly taxing or high-pressure environments.

● Channels potentially negative emotions in a helpful and 

positive manner, even in emotive or emotionally challenging 
settings.

● Remains positive in the face of adversity, quickly recovering 

from setbacks and keeping problems in perspective.

● Welcomes and invites criticism, regarding it as an opportunity 
for individuals and the organisation to improve and develop. 
Retains a positive self-image even when directly criticised.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Work through any overdue, outstanding or ‘on-hold’ 
projects in your department, and put a plan in place to 
finish them.

● Look at the projects individually and then as a group. Why 
have these stalled? Are there any particular pressures or 
setbacks, or trends, common across this set of projects? 
Are they still relevant to achieving business objectives? 
Should they be dropped rather than finished? If not, what 
resources are required to complete them?

● Motivate and work with your team to complete these 
projects alongside other work, even if they need to be 
scheduled across a longer period of time. Set short-term 
goals for the team to help them see progress and maintain 
their optimism and positivity across this longer period. Aim 
to either complete or discard 80% or more of the 
outstanding projects your team currently has on hold 
within 6-12 months.

difficulties. Remains upbeat about the future at all times, 
demonstrating to others a firm belief that obstacles and 
adversity will be conquered.

Mastery

Address and resolve an interdepartmental conflict in the 
organisation.

● What is the impact of this conflict? How is it visible in the 

behaviour of staff and managers? What are the root causes 
of this conflict? What individuals are particularly involved?

● Work with the departments and their stakeholders to 
resolve the conflict. What has previously stopped the 
conflict from being resolved? People, process, structure? 
Make the tough decisions needed to help demonstrate 
that the conflict is not supported by organisational 
leadership – this may mean moving individuals around, or 
changing processes. Role model high morale and an 
optimistic attitude about resolving the conflict throughout 
discussions.

Coach or mentor a particularly difficult, negative or 
emotional individual.

Run a part of the business whose morale is particularly low 
and turn the situation around.

● Approach the individual to offer coaching; persuade them 
that you can improve their effectiveness at work. Find out 
about them to determine the best way of working with 
them and what they will respond to. Explore their 
perspective and try to understand the triggers that lead to 
their difficult or emotional responses.

● Help them to understand the impact of their behaviour, 
and the other behavioural choices available to them in 
those situations. Role play these positive behaviours with 
them, and support them in specific situations, giving them 
feedback on what went well and helping them to come up 
with ideas on what they could do better. Ask them to 
gather feedback on their (and your) success after 6 months, 
to find out how they are then perceived by others.

● Analyse the various causes of the situation. Explore 
perceptions of the situation to ensure an objective 
viewpoint is brought to the fore, while dealing with causes 
of negativity. Turn negative feedback into constructive 
criticism and embed a continuous learning and 
improvement process.

● Role model positivity while being sensitive to the situation. 
Find ways to empower managers and individuals and 
provide them with accountability to help them impact the 
situation themselves.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  13/30

.

4. Development Activities: Supporting & Co-operating

Collaboration

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Considers how others’ perceptions of a situation may influence 
the way they behave. Demonstrates an ability to interpret non-
verbal or emotional signs.

● Creates and encourages a climate of team-working and 

collaboration across the organisation, acting as a visible role-
model of these values and behaviours.

● Creates a sense of team spirit by encouraging harmony, co-

● Ensures that outstanding performance is recognised 

operation and communication.

● Ensures that the contribution of others is recognised through 

formal reward processes and also gestures of informal 
recognition.

● Communicates proactively and encourages others to share 

their views. Consults others when decisions need to be made.

● Strives to build culturally diverse teams and challenges 

intolerances or lack of understanding in others, enforcing 
equal opportunity practices.

throughout the organisation. Personally invests time to 
recognise and support those who contribute to 
organisational success.

● Proactively consults with a broad cross-section of 

stakeholders during all aspects of decision-making.

● Emphasises the need for inclusiveness and diversity. Goes 
beyond equal opportunity requirements to emphasise the 
benefits of diversity.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Prepare and run a team-building event for the wider team 
or department.

Lead a successful cross-functional project that requires 
collaboration from many teams/groups.

● Be clear about your objectives for the session, and how 

● Build in teamwork right from the start. Identify possible 

building harmony, co-operation and communication will 
support the team in their objectives in their day-to-day 
performance. Prepare a variety of activities that include 
business-based and more social aspects. Make the session 
as interactive and as high-energy as possible.

● During the session, include ways for the group to share 

their ideas on how to be a better team. How can everyone 
contribute their own strengths? How can you build trust 
and openness? Get a volunteer to document this part of 
the discussion and distribute it to the team after the event.

● Afterwards, review whether you met the objectives you had 
planned for the team-building event. Should any aspects of 
the event be a regular part of your team meetings?

blockers and enablers and address these. Where are there 
silos? Put in place processes to reward and support 
teamwork. Ensure the whole team is aligned to the same 
goals. Are resources available to support collaboration?

● Personally recognise members of the project who 

collaborate particularly well. Act as a visible role model for 
teamwork and collaboration, for example, consulting 
stakeholders during decision-making, delegating actions, 
offering support to other members of the group, etc.

Build a culture of recognition and reward in the team.

Create a mentoring scheme within the organisation.

● What behaviour and outcomes do you reward, and how? 
Do you follow company processes, or are there other ways 
in which you reward or recognise “good” in your team or 
area? Are you consistent and fair with all members of the 
team? Ensure you are rewarding the behaviours and 
outcomes you want to continue.

● Use formal and informal methods, and encourage your 
team to also adopt these methods to recognise good 
performance. Share successes inside and outside the team 
and make key contributions visible to others in the 
organisation.

● Get a steering group together, enlisting senior stakeholder 
support. Agree on aims and objectives of the programme, 
and get buy-in from line managers and HR – present at 
appropriate functional meetings. Prepare documentation, 
such as confidentiality agreements.

● Decide on the criteria for the pool of mentees and mentors 
you need. Will mentors be volunteers? Who would make a 
good mentor? Act as a mentor yourself. What should 
participants expect to get from the programme? Use the 
programme as an opportunity to create cross-functional 
collaboration, pairing mentors and mentees from different 
parts of the business. How much of participants’ time will it 
take up? Should there be training? Trial the programme 
first with a small group of people, and gather feedback to 
support a wider rollout.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  14/30

.

4. Development Activities: Supporting & Co-operating

Ethics & Values

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Maintains high ethical standards, not compromising them to 

● Champions the organisational values, living them through 

advance personal or departmental agenda.

all aspects of own actions and behaviours.

● Demonstrates openness and honesty about own agenda and 

interests. Holds to agreements made and maintains 
confidentiality at all times.

● Promotes the organisation’s policies around community issues, 
values and demographics and environmental impact when 
supporting the team’s decision-making.

● Works towards making the entire organisation socially, 
ethically and environmentally responsible. Shapes the 
organisation’s corporate responsibilities towards the wider 
community.

● Evaluates community and environmental issues and 
promotes the organisation’s policies in these areas.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Run a project to audit work of your team in the context of 
your organisation’s values or mission.

Create and lead a working group to find new ways of 
working that align your business and its actions with its 
own values or mission.

● How aligned are the team’s behaviour, style and ways of 
working with these values? Is there anything the team 
does that is out of alignment that you ignore because it 
gets results?

● Challenge any behaviours or activities which are not in 

accordance with the values of the organisation, and work 
with the team to find an alternative way of doing things. 
Have regular conversations with team members to 
understand how decisions and activities are aligned to 
organisational values, and ensure you examine your own 
decision-making in conjunction with this. Recognise 
excellence in “living the values” both in your team and 
more broadly to promote this agenda in the organisation.

Lead a set of presentations and discussions within your 
team or department meetings about each of your 
organisation’s policies around community issues, values, 
demographics and environmental impact, etc.

● How aligned is the company as a whole to the espoused 
values? Do the company structures, such as processes, 
procedures and systems, support the ethical standards of 
the organisational values? Do any departments or 
functions “get away” with bad behaviour because it gets 
results?

● Challenge any activities or processes which are not in 

accordance with the organisational values, setting a strong 
example yourself through your own actions and 
behaviours. Work with the group to find new ways of 
working that “live” the organisational values and aspire to 
go beyond rather than just meet them. Cascade these 
ways of working down into the functions, and ask the 
functions to audit themselves in terms of progress

Join your organisation’s Corporate and Social 
Responsibility (CSR) steering group and liaise on behalf of 
the organisation with the wider community.

● Create in advance some material to discuss relating to 

● Lead or get involved with one of the projects (e.g. 

each area – e.g., a presentation, hand-out and short talk – 
and then share this with the audience. Prepare scenarios or 
“difficult” questions for the audience to discuss and answer.

● Use the opportunity to shape how your team might 

respond in these difficult situations, so they are prepared 
when they need to make challenging decisions. Share this 
information with other teams and departments to develop 
organisational consistency.

community or environmental issues). Understand your 
organisation’s role in the wider community, and act as a 
link between the community and your organisation. 
Evaluate the community and environmental issues that 
come up in these discussions in the context of the 
organisational strategy, generating practical ideas as to 
how your organisation can contribute to solving these 
issues.

● Take community feedback back to the organisation and 

use it to make systemic changes in the way the 
organisation relates to the community. Actively promote 
the organisational policies in these areas inside the 
business and externally.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  15/30

.

4. Development Activities: Organising & Executing

Planning & Organising

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Sets clearly defined objectives for self, own team or 

● Sets clearly defined objectives for the organisation as a 

department.

whole.

● Plans activities and projects for own team or department and 
anticipates potential difficulties or changing circumstances.

● Organises own and others’ time effectively, allocating 

achievable target dates for project stages.

● Effectively manages the deployment of people and equipment 

in own team or department.

● Produces comprehensive project plans that anticipate 
foreseeable changes and can be adapted in the face of 
unforeseen or disruptive events.

● Sets realistic timescales for the overall completion of major 

projects, ensuring that any deadlines set by others in 
connection with a project fit into the overall timescales.

● Identifies the cross-organisational resources needed for 
large-scale projects and ensures the availability of these 
critical resources.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Deliver a high impact, cross-functional project with tight 
timescales and a geographically dispersed team.

Develop comprehensive project and programme plan 
templates to embed best-practice planning approaches.

● Set the objectives for the project in consultation with key 
stakeholders. Identify the streams and tasks involved, the 
milestones and checkpoints. Find appropriate people-
resource for the activities, matching individuals with 
appropriate skills and experience to the project.

● Brief the team on the project goals and objectives, and 

work with the team to identify possible problems or choke 
points. Have multiple contingencies for these. Use the 
project plan to manage your own and others’ time, 
monitoring progress against deadlines. Deliver the project 
on time, to budget and with a high-quality final outcome.

Execute a complex plan in a new or unfamiliar 
environment.

● Find role models of excellence within the organisation in 
this area and work with them to create “master” project 
and programme plans for the key areas. Use a formal 
project methodology (such as Prince2 or your own 
organisation’s methods) in order to ensure the plans are 
comprehensive but flexible to fit project size and type.

● Evaluate the level of depth required within the plans. 
Provide guidance on how to use them, as well as the 
rationale for how these will help the business improve in 
this area. Ask for user and other stakeholder/customer 
feedback and improve them as they are rolled out.

Deliver a highly visible, long-term international program.

● Be clear what the plan requires in terms of resources and 

● Set clearly defined objectives for the programme that are 

milestones. Get to know the new or unfamiliar 
environment through talking to individuals who already 
operate within it. Discover the similarities and differences 
between your current environment and the new one. What 
might work well in the new environment? What won’t 
work so well? How can you adapt your usual approach to 
planning and organising to be as effective as possible in 
this new environment? Create an in-depth contingency 
plan.

● When executing, stay in contact with your resources, and 
be highly visible. Be available – encourage feedback, and 
have open office hours where team members can come 
and talk to you about issues and risks, and put in place a 
thorough monitoring system to check progress against 
deadlines and milestones.

aligned with those of the organisation. Communicate these 
effectively with the programme team and stakeholders.

● Check availability and buy-in of project managers and 

resources from different functions. Work with your project 
managers to incorporate their projects into a realistic 
programme plan, managing risks and conflicting agendas. 
Create systems to measure and monitor the progress of 
the programme, taking immediate action when project 
deliverables are threatened.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  16/30

.

4. Development Activities: Organising & Executing

Delivering Results

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Proactively engages with customers to seek their feedback, 

● Drives an organisational culture of open, two-way customer 

anticipating their needs whenever possible.

● Challenges self and own team or department to achieve high 

levels of quality and output.

● Introduces and uses formal quality management techniques 

to ensure quality procedures are followed. Emphasises 
productivity and efficiency and monitors the volume of own 
and others’ output.

● Consistently achieves high-level results with team and 

department project teams, managing and delivering projects 
on-time and on-budget to agreed quality standards.

● Demonstrates commitment to the organisation and concern 
for its longer-term future. Presents a positive image of the 
organisation at internal and external discussions.

● Uses existing timelines to monitor own and others’ progress 
against deadlines and milestones, maintaining an ongoing 
awareness of issues helping or hindering progress.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Identify and meet a relevant unmet need in your customer 
(internal or external) base.

● Perform some market research – talk to customers, send 
out a survey, explore with them what their issues are. 
Understand their business. Identify additional pain points 
in terms of customer service, systems, products, ease of 
buying, online presence. Talk to potential customers as well 
as current customers. Review customer satisfaction data. 
Talk to your team about what gets in their way of delivering 
excellent customer service.

● Use the data to identify a relevant unmet need that you or 
your team could meet with a little extra work. Get the 
resources and support you need from the business and 
make this happen. Measure customer satisfaction before 
and after the intervention.

Do a review of stakeholder needs for your area to enable 
you to factor this into team work/projects.

communication to ensure complete understanding of 
customer needs. Facilitates partnerships with customers to 
deliver maximum and lasting satisfaction.

● Constantly revises quality and productivity targets to set 

demanding cross-organisational standards.

● Challenges quality assurance programmes and productivity 
management systems to ensure they add the greatest value 
to organisational outputs. Benchmarks the organisation’s 
quality and productivity standards against internal targets 
and external sector leaders.

● Drives an organisational culture that focuses on results, 

inspiring others to achieve and exceed goals and 
expectations.

● Demonstrates unswerving commitment and loyalty to the 
organisation as a whole, putting the organisation and its 
future ahead of individual or departmental needs.

● Creates measures and criteria to monitor progress of overall 
projects against key organisational objectives, maintaining 
constant vigilance regarding all issues that may impact 
upon project completion.

Mastery

Create a presentation to senior stakeholders which 
outlines your customer’s value proposition, where your 
business fits into this, and opportunities your business is 
currently missing in this area.

● Develop your understanding based on more than just what 
your customers say. Who are your customers’ competitors? 
What is their marketplace like? Who are their customers? 
Leverage relationships in all parts and at all levels of their 
organisation. Understand their industry by reading trade 
journals and industry reports, and look for signals in the 
marketplace when change is coming.

● Review the systems and processes you currently have in 
dealing with customers in light of this information. What 
opportunities are you missing? Where do your people need 
further training or education about their customers? How 
can you support this? Present this information to the board 
with two or three recommended actions that you will lead 
on.

Lead a benchmarking program for the organisation that 
compares the way you deliver excellence to the customer 
with your competitors.

● Go wider than your immediate customers. Identify 

stakeholder groups and common needs and expectations 
as well as conflicting needs and expectations. How are 
stakeholders leveraging your team? Are relationships 
between teams strong enough so the business as a whole 
can fully leverage the experience of each department?

● Build up a clear picture of stakeholder needs, and how your 
team will exceed these on an ongoing basis. Ensure the 
team is enthusiastic about this. Review stakeholder needs 
on a quarterly basis.

● Are your customers universally positive about the 
organisation and your services? What blockers are 
identified in terms of the “how” you deliver as well as the 
“what”? Are you easy to work with?

● What does your current quality assurance process look 

like? Is this and your productivity management system the 
best in the industry? What improvements could be made? 
Remove identified organisational blockers to progress and 
create flexibility in the way you deliver excellence to 
customers

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  17/30

.

4. Development Activities: Organising & Executing

Dependability

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Creates and fosters a team and departmental culture of 

● Creates organisation-wide processes to ensure that 

appropriately following instructions and not unnecessarily 
challenging authority, leading by example.

procedures and policies are adhered to, role-modelling this 
in own behaviour.

● Ensures that team or department follows relevant company 

● Ensures that cross-organisation projects are kept within 

policies and procedures. Ensures that own team or 
department keeps to schedules and delivers work on time.

schedules and delivered on time by coordinating key players 
and parts of the projects.

● Consistently arrives for work and meetings on time and 

● Upholds the highest possible safety and legal standards 

maintains an exemplary attendance record, emphasising the 
importance of this to other people.

● Abides by safety and other legal requirements regarding own 
team or department’s activities. Educates others on relevant 
legal issues and monitors for compliance.

across the whole organisation. Anticipates legal 
developments and acts immediately to ensure that the 
organisation complies with changes to legislation.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Instigate a process or system to measure team or 
departmental compliance to key organisational policies 
such as Health and Safety or Environmental policies.

Take on leadership of the delivery of an organisational idea 
about which you have reservations.

● Ensure that this is a continuous process, not a one-off 

● What is it about the idea that is uncomfortable for you? 

review. Is there consistency among different groups within 
the business? Is it easier or harder for certain areas? Are 
employees aware of potential consequences of non-
compliance? Make changes where there are serious or 
systemic breaches of policy, following up at regular 
intervals to ensure the changes stick. Ensure employees 
understand why the changes are being made, and what 
they need to do in the future.

● In team and individual meetings, share your findings and 
think of effective ways to communicate the importance of 
such essential procedures to all employees to ensure their 
buy-in and commitment.

Where do your concerns stem from? Have you expressed 
these appropriately?

● Talk to key stakeholders to understand the drivers of the 
idea, and its aims and objectives. Speak with peers to 
understand the benefits of the idea. Build your own 
commitment to and confidence in the idea until you are 
confident that the idea is what’s best for the organisation, 
despite any personal or team-level negative impact.

● Deliver the idea to your own management team focusing 

on the benefits for them. Think about possible objections in 
advance and be ready to handle these with confidence. Get 
their feedback and deal with any objections in a positive 
way.

Lead the implementation of a new tightly regulated 
process or operational procedure within your department 
or function.

Review the organisation’s current compliance to 
legislation and external standards. Create an action plan to 
address discrepancies in compliance.

● Understand the new process, and where it must be 

followed exactly. What would be the consequences of 
adapting any part of the process or procedure? What 
legislation is being followed? Are there financial 
consequences of non-compliance? Help educate those you 
are working with as to why and where the process needs to 
be followed exactly, gaining their buy-in despite any extra 
work or challenges this new process might cause them.

● Work with grace, maintain and role model enthusiasm for 
the project and your day-to-day activities. Manage your 
time to complete both to a high standard.

● Understand, through consulting internal and external 
experts in the appropriate areas, what the critical 
legislation is in the organisation, for example, data 
protection and equal opportunities. Set up a project team 
to audit how well different departments are aligned to 
these. Are there differences in how functions are aligned to 
legislation? What could be the consequences of non-
compliance in these cases? Are there priority areas?

● Where you discover gaps in compliance, work through 

these with the appropriate functional heads. Support them 
in changes that they may need to make to become 
compliant. Monitor the progress of their activities.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  18/30

.

4. Development Activities: Creating & Conceptualising

Learning

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Quickly absorbs new information and learns new techniques 

● Effectively and quickly optimises the use of new information 

that extend role capability.

● Seeks all relevant information for decision-making from a wide 
range of sources. Realises when information is missing and 
knows where to find it.

● Shows rapid understanding of newly presented complex 

information, offering useful insights.

and advanced techniques that significantly extend role 
capability.

● Uses formal and informal methods to gather the widest 

range of information possible. Where necessary, carries out 
sustained, in-depth investigations to obtain information that 
is difficult to get hold of.

● Rapidly responds to highly complex information with useful 
insights, in familiar and also extremely unusual settings that 
are outside previous experience

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Research and trial a new process or system that has the 
potential to dramatically improve the way your team, 
department or organisation functions, for example, a new 
customer relationship management (CRM) tool.

Attend an industry, professional or trade convention where 
there are opportunities to interact with and learn from 
executives from other organisations who serve in a similar 
function to you.

● Look at multiple sources of information to identify different 
perspectives on the practice or process. Separate facts 
from opinion. Find out what subject matter experts and 
external experts think of it. Have the process or system 
demonstrated to you, if appropriate.

● Share any findings or recommendations with key decision 
makers or stakeholders. Get their views and feedback. 
What other information would they want to see before 
making a decision? With their support, run a trial or 
feasibility study.

● Attend presentations and discuss new developments in the 

field. Find out about new information available and 
advanced processes or techniques being used. What are 
the latest techniques or insights in the field?

● Share information (respecting confidentiality and 

commercial sensitivity) about new initiatives you are 
working on and explore your peers’ views on the 
information or new developments. Gather their feedback 
on your organisation, products and services more broadly.

● Reflect on the benefits and applications for your own 
organisation. Prepare a report highlighting potential 
applications and recommendations to share with other 
senior managers

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  19/30

.

4. Development Activities: Creating & Conceptualising

Creativity & Innovation

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Identifies unusual ideas that others may have missed. 

● Contributes radical ideas, approaches and insights that open 

Contributes innovative approaches and insights.

up whole new avenues of exploration.

● Creates new products or designs in own work area.

● Creates highly innovative products or designs that challenge 

● Instigates a range of alternative approaches to create 

improvements in own organisational area.

● Initiates and drives change initiatives in own area.

● Welcomes new ideas in own area and demonstrates personal 

commitment to wider change initiatives.

traditional assumptions; approaches on-going 
developments from new perspectives that may even lead to 
a fundamental change in thinking.

● Consistently seeks opportunities for improvements across 

different organisational areas that lead to major changes in 
efficiency.

● Is regarded as a change champion and role-model who 
devises, initiates and drives large-scale organisational 
change.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Set up a monthly team meeting to review ideas for 
improving systems, processes and increasing business 
efficiency in your area.

Set up a quarterly cross-functional, organisation-wide 
working group to generate innovative ideas for new 
products or services.

● Introduce the concept of continuous improvement to your 
team, highlighting the benefits. Encourage contributions 
from the whole team and reward ideas that are taken 
forward to encourage future contributions. Aim to 
generate at least one workable idea each meeting, 
choosing the changes that will have the most impact on 
the business area to take forward.

● Implement the system or process improvement if it is a 
simple improvement and investigate complex ideas 
further. Use the monthly meeting to gather feedback and 
evaluate how successful the improvements have been and 
modify them if necessary.

Work with colleagues from a different department or 
function to solve a practical problem that your team has 
been unable to resolve.

● Include representatives from different levels and functions 

of the organisation. Use creative idea generation 
techniques as a means of tapping into novel ideas and 
approaches. Use outside facilitators or speakers at some 
meetings.

● Include a process to evaluate the ideas and their potential 
impact (e.g. through carrying out a feasibility study or trial).

Establish a monthly senior management meeting to 
identify critical factors that block performance, quality or 
customer service in your area of the business or the 
business as a whole.

● Arrange a meeting to brainstorm some ideas. Prepare 

● Focus each meeting on a particular area or issue. Consider 

participants for the meeting by sending them a briefing 
document outlining the problem as well as work carried 
out to date to resolve it. Highlight your expectations for the 
meeting including any benefits for them.

● During the meeting, use a flip chart and note down any 
ideas, no matter how unrealistic. Review these ideas 
together and decide which ideas are not feasible, and 
remove these, before evaluating the remaining ideas to 
find the most effective approach.

● Thank everyone for their input and offer to support them in 

the future.

both internal and external factors. Challenge current 
organisational thinking around these areas to look at them 
from new perspectives.

● Identify best-in-class systems, procedures, practices and 

policies that should be implemented.

● Agree on priorities for implementation based on how major 

the improvements are likely to be, and take personal 
responsibility for driving some of these innovations. Review 
improvements in efficiency resulting from these.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  20/30

.

4. Development Activities: Creating & Conceptualising

Strategic Thinking

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Revises objectives of own team or department to reflect 

changes in organisational goals or strategy.

● Translates strategic direction into plans and objectives for own 

team or department.

● Identifies future possibilities for own working area and beyond, 

and passes these ideas to key stakeholders.

● Demonstrates an understanding of a broad range of factors 
that link own work area to other parts of the organisation.

● Captures feedback and puts in place processes for own team 

to benefit from it.

● Always works with an orientation to the future, encouraging 
others to consider the organisation’s long-term strategy 
when setting departmental objectives.

● Sets, develops and revises departmental or organisational 

strategy in line with the vision. Translates strategic direction 
into medium- and long-term plans and objectives for the 
business or business area.

● Explores with appropriate stakeholders a range of future 
possibilities that the department, entire organisation or 
organisational sector could aspire to achieve. Inspires others 
to seek to fulfil this future potential.

● Takes account of a wide range of issues across, and related 
to, the entire organisation. Considers global developments 
and trends that may impact the organisation.

● Encourages a culture of continuous learning and 

development at all levels. Creates formal and informal 
processes to learn from stakeholders’ feedback to improve 
organisational effectiveness.

● Develops and oversees large-scale change initiatives, 

creating a managed sense of urgency to bring the changes 
about.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Prepare a presentation for your team and/or internal 
partners on the organisation’s strategic direction and how 
your work links to this.

Carry out an in-depth strategic review of how your 
function or business area aligns with the overarching 
organisational strategy (e.g., product leadership or 
technological optimisation).

● Aim to answer the following questions: What is the 

● Seek the input of key stakeholders across your function or 

organisational vision? What are the strategic goals? What 
is your competitive advantage? What business processes 
are critical to success? What role does your work and the 
team’s work play in the success of the organisation? Talk to 
some of the senior management team to understand how 
different functions (including your own) play a role in this 
overall objective, and get their personal views.

● Communicate this information to your team, so that they 
understand the organisation’s strategy and the part they 
play in achieving it.

Undertake an exercise to revalidate your team’s strategy 
to ensure that it is still ‘fit-for-purpose’ and relevant to the 
current working environment.

area.

● Review your business area’s human and other resources, as 

well as the structure. How aligned are these with the 
overall strategic direction of the organisation? Do they 
support the strategic objectives?

● Identify areas where your area is out of alignment with the 

organisational strategy, and address this. Ensure your 
management team has short, medium and long term 
goals that all contribute to the organisational strategy.

Evaluate your current and future business strategy and 
product or services mix against current and future 
regulatory developments, to minimise your regulatory 
risks.

● Gather feedback and input from your key stakeholders, 
including internal and external customers and from 
employees in your team.

● What are the current regulatory requirements? Are there 
any regulatory penalties or add-ons against your business 
area?

● Identify future possibilities for your own working area as 

well as opportunities for the broader organisation. Identify 
future actions and next steps for your own team and make 
recommendations to relevant stakeholders regarding 
broader opportunities.

● Consult with your legal department and regulatory 
advisory staff or ensure you have access to external 
regulatory guidance and any imminent changes to this.

● How does your current business strategy and business mix 

perform in this regulatory environment? What 
improvements can be made?

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  21/30

.

4. Development Activities: Interacting & Presenting

Building Relationships

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Quickly builds rapport with different types of people and 

● Quickly builds rapport with individuals and groups. Actively 

establishes good working relationships with them.

● Uses people networks to the advantage of own team or area of 

responsibility.

● Uses many different approaches to interact successfully with 
others, adapting own interpersonal style to fit in with the 
situation, and the characteristics of groups and individuals.

● Tactfully resolves conflict between others and takes actions to 

reduce any anger or frustrations they might feel.

● Relates own work to that of other departments in the 
organisation, seeing and exploring interdependencies 
between departments.

● Shares knowledge and expertise openly and freely, providing 

appropriate guidance, coaching and advice on technical issues 
to help others succeed.

nurtures good relationships with people across all 
organisational levels and boundaries, and with external 
contacts and clients.

● Maintains and extends an effective network of links with 
individuals inside and outside the organisation, building 
relationships with a range of key stakeholders and partners.

● Identifies and tackles disagreements that compromise 
organisational objectives. Diplomatically facilitates the 
resolution of conflict between others and ensures that their 
anger or frustration is dealt with tactfully.

● Demonstrates extensive understanding and in-depth 
knowledge of the working and overall function of 
organisational departments. Sees how they interrelate and 
work together as an integrated system.

● Ensures that the necessary organisational structures and 
processes are in place for others to share knowledge and 
expertise openly and freely. Positions knowledge sharing as 
an organisational priority.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Volunteer to support a project in another business unit or 
function, to build awareness of different ways of working 
and to develop relationships within the unit/function.

Carry out a systematic stakeholder mapping exercise to 
assess the breadth and depth of your internal and external 
business relationships and to determine your future 
stakeholder focus.

● Spend time getting to know your contacts in this 

unit/function. Attend relevant project meetings and ensure 
that you deliver on promises. Take your new contacts up on 
opportunities to socialise with them.

● Draw a “relationship map” of the stakeholders you interface 
with in key business areas as well as external partners and 
community figures. Cover the depth of your relationship 
with each, and how you currently leverage the relationship.

● Leverage these new relationships to help support the 

● Where would you benefit from new contacts? Which 

achievement of your team’s objectives. Introduce these 
new contacts to members of your team to help broaden 
out their network.

Set up knowledge sharing sessions where best practice 
approaches may be shared as well as lessons learned from 
challenging situations (e.g., large or complex projects and 
initiatives).

● Broaden these sessions out as much as possible, inviting 
contributions and encouraging attendance. Gather input 
on agenda and structure of sessions. Build in opportunities 
for networking and socialising.

● Invite guest speakers including senior managers to present 

at these sessions.

● Encourage people to be open and honest about challenges 

they have faced and role model this in your own 
presentations. Regularly evaluate the success of these 
sessions through reviewing attendance and feedback. 
Adapt the style and content of sessions where necessary.

specific businesses, individuals, industries or areas should 
you target? Identify power relationships, the level of 
influence and importance of these relationships to the 
achievement of your business objectives as well as their 
interests or concerns. Fill in an influence/interest matrix to 
analyse this strategically and use the map and/or matrix to 
develop a stakeholder action plan for the next 6-12 months.

Build your external ‘recognition factor’ by representing 
your organisation at a high-profile community or industry-
leading event.

● Present a paper or keynote speech. Raise your visibility 

during the event through actively contributing, 
commenting and challenging. Use social media to 
contribute and engage those in your network who are not 
attending.

● When you meet new contacts, look for opportunities for 
joint working and knowledge sharing. Spend social time 
with new contacts as well as time discussing work and 
mutual interests and concerns. Schedule yourself a task to 
contact each key new contact at least once every six 
months.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  22/30

.

4. Development Activities: Interacting & Presenting

Influence

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Presents self effectively and credibly to others, in one-to-one 

and group settings.

● Speaks credibly and authoritatively in areas of own expertise, 

projecting confidence and self-belief.

● Persuades others effectively, gaining their commitment while 

recognising the need for give and take.

● Effectively promotes ideas and recommendations on behalf of 

self, other individuals and/or own team.

● Uses the formal structures of the organisation to build support 

● Establishes credibility quickly and effectively, projecting 
confidence and authority when speaking on a range of 
subjects both within and outside their areas of personal 
expertise and when unprepared.

● Creates an immediate, charismatic, credible and lasting 
impression in one-to-one, team and large group settings.

● Negotiates effectively with people inside and outside the 
organisation by exploring a range of possibilities and 
adopting the best approach for the situation, maintaining 
relationships with all parties throughout.

for own ideas.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Brief internal stakeholders on a difficult initiative for which 
you require their buy-in and ongoing support.

● Reflect on who these stakeholders are and potential 

personal agendas. What will appeal to them? How will they 
feel about it? Anticipate and prepare for objections or 
resistance. What will help them to buy in to what you are 
proposing? Identify common goals or objectives.

● Prepare your briefing with this in mind. Use emotive words 

to energise them and make sure you show your own 
enthusiasm. Gather their ideas and views and repeat these 
back to them so that they know that you have taken these 
on board. Aim for a sign of commitment from them in 
return.

● Summarise the way forward and commitments made.

● Significantly changes the mindset of people about an issue, 
completely gaining their emotional support and agreement.

● Builds support throughout the organisation for proposals 

and initiatives that follow the organisation’s overall agenda. 
Uses internal politics to positive effect, understanding when 
to use formal and informal channels.

Mastery

Head up the negotiation of a complex agreement on 
contract, conditions and/or price with demanding third 
parties such as external stakeholders, unions, customers, 
partners or community groups.

● Go in knowing what you want from three perspectives: 
what is absolutely necessary, what is ideal and what you 
would be willing to give up.

● Foster a positive climate through concentrating on 

common goals. Avoid pushing others to achieve closure 
before the alternatives are adequately explored. Aim for a 
win/win outcome. Work to achieve emotional as well as 
intellectual agreement.

● Solicit feedback from others involved in the negotiation 

and reflect on what the situation has taught you.

Lead on the negotiation of an important agreement with a 
supplier or client.

Communicate a major organisational restructure to your 
management team where redundancies will be involved.

● Review the background of the supplier or client, the nature 
and success of the relationship they have had with your 
organisation in the past and any past or ongoing 
disagreements. Prepare for the negotiation by knowing 
your facts, knowing what you want to achieve and the 
minimum that you need to achieve. Make sure you are in 
the right frame of mind for the negotiation. Approach it in 
a calm, patient and empathetic manner.

● Build and maintain rapport through active listening and 

questioning. Demonstrate that you are genuinely 
interested in their thoughts. Mirror their behaviour in your 
tone, pitch and body language (e.g. an informal or formal 
style; a high-energy or more reserved approach). Be 
assertive rather than overly pushy or passive.

● Summarise what has been agreed to, and next steps.

● Plan your influencing strategy. Anticipate resistance and 
concerns. Prepare answers to worst-case questions. 
Carefully consider the appropriate style of your 
communications. Provide clear rationale and supporting 
information to position the changes.

● Where possible, encourage contributions on ideas and 

action planning to encourage buy-in and to instil a 'we are 
all in this together' attitude.

● Get them to cascade this down to their teams and to report 

back on reactions and concerns to the news. Prepare 
ongoing updates to keep managers informed of progress 
and aim for as much transparency as possible.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  23/30

.

4. Development Activities: Interacting & Presenting

Communication

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Speaks clearly, audibly and at an appropriate pace, achieving a 
fluent conversational style using pauses, changes in volume, 
and changes in emphasis to good effect.

● Quickly gets to the point, effectively presenting the key points 
of an argument while separating the important from the trivial.

● Presents effectively to others in small formal settings using 

prepared materials and visual aids to good effect.

● Checks if the message has been understood when speaking to 

others and responds to feedback from the audience by 
adapting own interpersonal style and the content of the 
message.

● Presents highly complex arguments, information and ideas 

in an easy-to-understand and memorable fashion.

● Presents effectively to others during formal public speaking, 
making effective use of prepared materials and visual aids, 
structuring the communication well, and holding the 
attention of the audience through an engaging and 
informative approach.

● Anticipates and responds to the needs of an audience, 

adapting content and style to suit them. Responds quickly 
and effectively to unforeseen questions or challenges.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Run a training session as part of an induction or learning 
and development process for new employees outside your 
own team.

Create a communication plan to present ongoing updates, 
about a major change in operating procedure or in the 
structure of the organisation, to employees.

● Plan the session taking into account the level and 

experience of your audience. What will they need to know? 
What can they take on board at this early point in their 
time with the organisation? What could wait until later or 
could be in hand-outs they could take away with them?

● Make it interesting and engaging. What will they find 

interesting? Approach the topic from a different 
perspective, bearing in mind how they will need to apply 
the skills or information. Include real-life stories and case 
studies.

● Regularly check understanding through scanning your 

participants’ reactions to information presented and asking 
them questions. Include a section at the end of your 
presentation for questions from them.

● Plan how often you will update employees, and the 
methods you will use. Involve senior stakeholders to 
support the delivery of your message (e.g. to take part in 
the Q&A sessions and as a visible presence during update 
sessions). In your first update, include a clear statement of 
the drivers behind the change as well as proposed short-
term and longer-term actions. Use a range of methods to 
get people’s buy-in both logically and emotionally, and to 
persuade them of the benefits of the change. Anticipate 
the audience’s needs and the types of questions they are 
likely to have. Adapt your style as you learn from previous 
updates, and plan in the frequency of your 
communications to maintain momentum.

Stand in for your manager at a cross-functional working 
group meeting with senior managers.

Present information on a complex topic to senior 
managers who are unfamiliar with the subject matter.

● Contribute early on in the meeting, through a strong and 
confident introduction of yourself and your business area. 
Project your voice appropriately to ensure that everyone in 
the meeting can hear you. Present your key points in a 
concise manner and check understanding of more 
complex points. Lead the discussion where possible, 
helping the group to separate the important from the 
trivial by presenting the key points of an argument. 
Maintain a good level of contribution throughout the 
meeting, focusing on the areas of discussion and showing 
consistent interest in other’s contributions.

● Get feedback from another participant after the meeting 
about your style and contribution. Use this to adapt your 
behaviour at future meetings.

● Project confidence and authority through style, tone, pitch 

and body language.

● Plan what you want to say, taking your audience into 

account. Tell a story with your presentation, give it a clear 
beginning, middle and end. Create visual aids as a next 
step after you have planned your presentation. Use visual 
aids sparingly and appropriately to support your 
communication and highlight key points. Explain the slide 
as soon as you project it to get maximum attention from 
your audience. Convey a single point with each slide, 
supported by up to five bullet points, which explain that 
point. Use images, charts and diagrams to support your 
message. Avoid using overly complex ideas or arguments 
and minimise jargon, explaining any as you go along. Use 
humour as appropriate.

● Get feedback after the presentation and reflect on future 

improvements.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  24/30

.

4. Development Activities: Leading & Deciding

Decision Making

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Identifies urgent decisions which may involve minor risks 

● Identifies urgent decisions which may involve difficult 

within own work area or team, and acts upon them without 
delay.

● Takes responsibility for own and team projects or actions, 

accepting appropriate accountability when things do not go 
according to plan.

● Expresses confidence in own decisions and actions. Seizes the 

initiative, and guides own work and work of others.

choices and risks for the department, function or whole 
organisation. Acts upon them promptly, on the basis of 
incomplete or contradictory information when necessary.

● Stands by the decisions and actions of the department or 
whole organisation, publicly accepting responsibility and 
accountability.

● Projects a strong air of confidence in own decisions and 

actions. Actively promotes organisational initiative.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Join a working group to help define business 
requirements for a major new initiative.

Lead on a decision relating to a high-profile organisational 
change such as a branch or plant closure.

● Track your contributions to the group in terms of initiating 
and generating action both within the meetings and in-
between periods. How much have your contributions 
steered the direction of the group? How actively have you 
contributed to identifying the issues and potential 
solutions related to the new initiative? How proactive have 
you been in taking on actions? Take the initiative for 
information-gathering and other activities that may need 
to be completed in between meetings.

● Discuss your contribution with another group member and 
identify ways that you can increase your impact on and 
contribution to the group. Where do you feel more or less 
confident in your own decisions and actions within this 
situation? Monitor this on an ongoing basis and evaluate 
your overall contribution and impact after the group has 
dissolved.

● Define the problem that needs to be addressed as a first 
step in making the decision. Identify the current negative 
impact of the problem. Identify the implications of not 
making a decision. Understand the urgency of the decision. 
Why now? What factors will you need to consider when 
making the decision? What are the risks of potential 
outcomes? List the pros and cons of the different options in 
terms of the different stakeholders and define your success 
criteria. Gather opinions and data from relevant 
stakeholders. Identify missing information, and whether or 
not it is possible to find this missing information.

● Will the solution have an observable impact on business 
performance (e.g. by increasing profitability, increasing 
productivity or reducing inefficiencies and waste)? Make 
the best decision you can, given the information and time 
available to you, and evaluate the impact of the decision 
over time.

Manage an internal or external project for which there is 
tight time pressure and challenging deliverables, and 
considerable risk of the project not succeeding in its 
objectives.

Make and confidently communicate a decision to pursue 
an opportunity outside the division or organisation’s core 
area of expertise, such as introducing a new business line 
or revenue stream.

● Keep a “decision making” diary for the duration of the 

● Share the decision with staff. Project confidence and belief 

project, recording the decisions you make and how long it 
takes you to make them.

● Regularly meet with your manager or mentor to talk 

through the decisions you make during the project. Do you 
deliberate too long over decisions? Do you revisit decisions 
made earlier? How willing are you to make judgments? 
How rapidly do you generate action plans? Where do you 
find it more challenging to make decisions? What are the 
outcomes of the decisions you make? Solicit advice from 
your manager/mentor on how they would have 
approached the project steps, deliverables and associated 
decision making. Note differences in approach and what 
strategies might be good to adopt in the future.

in the decision. Present benefits to the division or 
organisation as a whole. Make it relevant for each 
stakeholder audience that you present to. Take questions.

● Present the mitigation for potential risks. Express 

confidence in resources and the organisation’s capability to 
deliver. Talk through drivers for the decision including 
competitor and market forces and feasibility evidence to 
support the decision.

● Gather feedback from a peer after the presentation 

regarding the level of confidence you projected in the 
reasons for pursuing the opportunity and the need for this 
change.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  25/30

.

4. Development Activities: Leading & Deciding

Leadership

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Co-ordinates group activities, ensuring that roles within the 

● Provides teams and departments with clear direction, 

team or department are clear and that individuals know what 
is expected of them.

clarifying roles and expectations, and relating these back to 
the organisational strategy.

● Communicates and monitors measurable standards which the 

behaviour of others must meet.

● Delegates work to others in own team or department 

appropriately, taking into account others’ abilities, workload 
and preferences, and balancing routine and interesting tasks.

● Emphasises the impact and importance of people’s work for 

achieving team targets and objectives.

● Identifies development needs in others and ensures they are 

aware of the resources available for their learning and 
development.

● Takes responsibility for recruiting suitable people to teams and 

departments.

● Defines standards for appropriate behaviour, addresses 
inappropriate behaviour from others and puts actions in 
place to address unacceptable behaviours across groups, 
the area or organisation.

● Decides which team or department is best placed to deliver 

which aspects of the overall project, and ensures an 
appropriate balance of routine and challenging tasks.

● Pushes autonomy and empowerment downwards through 
the organisation. Inspires enthusiasm and a positive attitude 
in people about their work and their contribution to the 
organisation’s success.

● Encourages others to pursue development opportunities 
and creates genuine learning opportunities for individuals 
and groups.

● Identifies, attracts and recruits high calibre individuals as 

organisation-wide assets.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Review the individual development plans for each of your 
direct reports with them.

Carry out a ‘talent audit’ to understand the people 
capability in your function, business unit or whole 
organisation.

● How structured are these development plans? Do they set 
out SMART objectives (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, 
Relevant and Time Bound)?

● Assess current capability and longer-term potential in both 

technical and behavioural competencies through a 
structured, objective process.

● How well do these objectives take into account the future 
needs of the organisation? Do they link to the longer-term 
organisational objectives?

● Set up a meeting with each individual to agree on 

development objectives. Use these reviews to identify 
learning and development opportunities including stretch 
assignments and to enable you to better understand skills, 
abilities and interests to facilitate appropriate delegation.

● Book in regular, ongoing meetings to review progress 

against objectives.

● Review the results alongside your analysis of the 

capabilities required. Use the results of the audit to identify 
the development needs and 'capability gaps' across the 
area.

● Feed the results into resource planning and development 
processes that are focused on addressing what is most 
critical to the organisation.

Work with an underperforming member of your team or 
an ‘average’ performer, and increase their performance to 
be above average.

Review the success of your current performance 
management process.

● Base feedback on objective data and specific behavioural 
observations. Approach performance discussions from an 
open perspective, encouraging input and remaining non-
judgmental. Balance constructive feedback with feedback 
on areas of successful performance. Emphasise the 
importance of good performance to the individual’s 
aspirations as well as the contribution they make to the 
overall organisation.

● Together identify areas for development as well as specific 

performance shortfalls. Agree on actions to address 
performance shortfalls. Create a 3-6 month plan, 
documenting all performance-related discussions, and 
monitor ongoing performance closely focusing on agreed 
actions. Amend the plan with the individual as they 
progress.

● Does the process encourage and facilitate the setting of 

SMART objectives and clear KPIs aligned to organisational 
strategy? Does your performance management process 
encourage the right behaviours? Get feedback from 
managers and their staff about how they feel about the 
process and the usefulness of the data collected for 
ongoing development planning.

● Adapt the process and supporting structures to encourage 
full participation and alignment with KPIs. After a time, 
review the effectiveness of these changes.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  26/30

.

4. Development Activities: Enterprising & Performing

Initiative

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Welcomes demanding goals, working through tough 

● Sets self increasingly demanding goals and targets, and 

challenges to achieve success.

● Demonstrates sustained energy, drive and determination, 

working extended hours when necessary.

● Identifies own development needs and proactively seeks 

opportunities to develop self.

● Identifies and pursues opportunities for career development, 

seeking progression to roles of increased influence and 
responsibility.

● Initiates and generates activity within team or department.

then challenges self to exceed them, persevering through all 
obstacles and difficulties.

● Invests high levels of commitment, energy, drive and 
determination at all times and is very willing to work 
considerably extended hours. Inspires others to invest their 
own time and energy in a similar way.

● Has clear career paths in mind and identifies personal 

development strategies to maximise own strengths and 
address development needs. Regularly reviews progress 
along the career paths and the wider career options.

● Establishes and pursues a long-term career-progression 
strategy, fully developing own potential by continually 
extending responsibility and influence within the 
organisation and possibly outside of it.

● Initiates and generates activity across the organisation.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Develop a long-term career-progression strategy for 
yourself, looking forward over the next five or even ten 
years.

Review and update your business unit’s priorities and 
targets.

● Identify a career mentor to support you on an ongoing 
basis. Talk to highly successful executives about their 
career progression, opportunities and challenges faced.

● Identify experiences that you need to gain to get to where 
you want to be at different stages of your career. Are you 
interested in the managerial or technical specialist route? 
Are you interested in operational roles or Head 
Office/Group experience? Ensure that you have a clear 
personal development plan. Review this on a quarterly 
basis as a minimum with your mentor to maintain focus on 
your career goals and to allow for changes to be 
incorporated into your plan.

Take on a tough project challenge such as helping to turn 
around a struggling project, in addition to your day-to-day 
duties and responsibilities.

● What are the objectives for your area? What are the key 
performance indicators (KPIs)? How else is your business 
unit measured? How is your area performing against these 
measures? What targets have you set for the business unit 
and managers?

● Review the organisation’s overall strategy and objectives. 

How well does your business unit support the achievement 
of these? Consider the changes that are likely to affect the 
organisation in the future. How well-placed is your business 
unit to adapt to these changes?

● Adjust your targets following this review. Ensure that these 
targets challenge your business unit to deliver maximum 
benefit/support for the organisation or area. Translate these 
into targets for managers and other key personnel. Review 
and revalidate targets in light of changing organisational 
priorities.

Take on a high-profile role that is a major stretch in terms 
of complexity or scope.

● Set up a briefing with the project sponsor and probe to find 
out what the key issues are. Why is the project struggling? 
What is it struggling with? Get access to project plans, 
status updates, risk analysis or any other pertinent 
information and data that you can find. Invest energy in 
preparing as much as you can before meeting the project 
team.

● Get support from a sponsor or mentor to help you identify 
a role that is a real step change in complexity or scope (e.g. 
managing an entire division or one that has huge 
budgetary or regulatory responsibilities). Get opportunities 
in terms of degree of stretch, risk, visibility and the extent 
to which they support your career aspirations as well as 
organisational goals.

● Meet with key members of the project team, building a 
positive relationship with them and keeping the mood 
optimistic. Show drive and energy, through your 
willingness to persevere in the face of resistance and to put 
in extended hours when necessary.

● Invest high levels of commitment, energy and drive in this 
new role and ensure that you maintain your focus on long-
term career planning. Make a success of the role and 
proactively look for opportunities during your experience to 
extend your responsibilities.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  27/30

.

4. Development Activities: Enterprising & Performing

Commercial Thinking

Levels of Capability

Intermediate

Mastery

● Proactively builds a broad understanding of the key factors 

● Anticipates and actively monitors long-term local and global 

driving local markets and beyond.

market developments and their organisational impact.

● Seeks and proposes opportunities for new business.

● Constantly seeks new business opportunities, seizing upon 

● Uses financial information to monitor team’s performance and 

acts on the data.

● Tracks expenditure, identifies ways to make efficiencies and 
adopts cost-effective methods. Encourages others to avoid 
unnecessary waste and to reduce costs.

possibilities opened up by changes in areas such as 
technology, competitors, market conditions, legislation and 
politics.

● Understands and interprets key financial data, using this 

information effectively to monitor and plan department or 
organisational performance.

● Understands implications of wider economic data on the 

organisation and uses this information to plan commercial 
organisational strategy.

● Adopts the most cost-effective methods and fosters a cost-
conscious, anti-waste culture across the department or 
organisation, recognising and rewarding efforts in this 
direction.

Development Tips

Intermediate

Mastery

Undertake a review of your organisation’s products and 
services in order to understand factors driving local and 
other markets.

Establish a competitor review board, focusing on up-and-
coming players in the market or emerging markets.

● Obtain data to provide a breakdown and analysis of 

● Which competitors are well-positioned to play in new 

profitability, cost of capital, market share within local and 
other markets and other relevant performance drivers.

● Liaise with your Finance and Sales functions to better 

understand these drivers.

● Carry out a SWOT analysis to identify potential 

opportunities and threats. Produce a report to share with 
senior managers. Include recommendations and proposed 
next steps.

emerging areas and to capitalise on new technologies? 
Assess their market readiness and identify those who are 
less well-positioned. What does that mean for competitive 
balance in the industry or for acquisition opportunities? 
How could these developments impact your own and 
competitor organisations’ market share?

● Consider how geography and different environments can 
be leveraged to improve your competitive advantage.

● Identify and commit to taking forward high-impact actions 

as a result of these meetings.

Identify and investigate an opportunity for a new product 
or service offering.

Conduct a feasibility study into an emerging market or a 
new product or service offering.

● Conduct a thorough analysis to determine success factors 

● Conduct a thorough analysis to determine what is required 

as well as business, market, technological and other 
constraints. What does success look like? What are the 
major risks and issues associated with this opportunity? Do 
you know the return on investment? How long will it take 
for the product or service to make back its initial 
investment?

● Consider scalability and cross-selling potential of this new 

product or service.

● Present your findings to senior managers.

for entering this new market.

● Think about the broader business environment (e.g. the 
current political, economic and regulatory situation). Use 
PESTLE analysis to investigate the Political, Economic, 
Social, Technological, Legal and Environmental factors. 
Consider cultural differences and consider language 
barriers.

● Present your findings to senior executives or the Board, 
making a clear recommendation on the way forward.

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  28/30

.

5. Personal Development Plan

Instructions:

● Identify up to six (6) total competencies to include in this Development Plan Template.

● These six will probably be a combination of those competencies where you scored lowest in terms of competency potential based on the assessment results, 

and those competencies that you consider to be critical to your success in the short-term (the next 12 months).

● For each target competency use the development activities in Section 4 to craft your plan below, to help you develop them to the desired level of capability.

Competency

Target Level of 
Capability 
(Intermediate or 
Mastery)

Development Objective

Development Activity (Choose from 
“Development Activities” in Section 4)

Support 
Required

Timescale

Review 
Process

#

1

2

3

4

5

6

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  29/30

.

6. Assessment Methodology

This report is based upon the following sources of information for Sample Candidate1:

Questionnaire / Ability Test

Comparison Group

OPQ32r UK English v1 (Std Inst)

OPQ32r UK English General Population 2012 (INT)

Verify Interactive - G+ - UKE

Interactive G+ General Composite (INT) v1

About This Report

This report was generated using the SHL Online Assessment System. It includes information from the 
Occupational Personality Questionnaire TM (OPQ32). The use of these questionnaires and tests are 
limited to those people who have received specialist training in its use and interpretation.

The report herein is generated from the results of these questionnaires and tests answered by the 
respondent(s) and substantially reflect the answers made by them. Due consideration must be given to 
the subjective nature of questionnaire-based ratings in the interpretation of this data.

This report has been generated electronically - the user of the software can make amendments and 
additions to the text of the report.

SHL Global Management Limited and its associated companies cannot guarantee that the contents of 
this report are the unchanged output of the computer system. We can accept no liability for the 
consequences of the use of this report and this includes liability of every kind (including negligence) for 
its contents.
www.shl.com

Disclaimer: © 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. SHL and OPQ are trademarks registered in the United Kingdom and 
other countries.

This report has been produced by SHL for the benefit of its client and contains SHL intellectual property. As such, SHL permits its 
client to reproduce, distribute, amend and store this report for its internal and non-commercial use only. All other rights of SHL are 
reserved.

Person Detail Section

Name

Sample Candidate1

OPQ Participant Data

RP1=7, RP2=6, RP3=3, RP4=6, RP5=6, RP6=4, RP7=5, RP8=5, RP9=5, RP10=4, 
TS1=7, TS2=2, TS3=5, TS4=7, TS5=7, TS6=6, TS7=6, TS8=5, TS9=6, TS10=7, TS11=4, 
TS12=6, FE1=9, FE2=6, FE3=7, FE4=4, FE5=6, FE6=7, FE7=6, FE8=6, FE9=5, 
FE10=5, CNS=1.

Report

Unlocking Potential Report

Unlocking Potential Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  30/30

.
