Title: HiPo Assessment Report 2.0
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/hipo-assessment-report-2-0/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: C, P
Languages: nan
Job Levels: nan
Assessment Length: nan

Description:
Part of SHL’s High Potential solution and developed from SHL’s extensive research into high-potential programs, the HIPO Assessment Report 2.0 helps organizations identify individuals with the strongest potential to succeed in senior and challenging roles. Using assessments such as the Motivation Questionnaire, OPQ, and Verify Cognitive Ability Tests, the report evaluates critical areas of aspiration, ability, and engagement. This report equips organizations with data-driven insights for identifying and developing future leaders, helping to ensure long-term organizational success.

PDF Text:
Sales Transformation DevelopmentReport - Individual Contributor

High-Potential 
Assessment 
Report

Name

Sample Candidate1

Date

25.10.2023

Contents

1

About This Report

2 Assessment Summary

3 Aspiration Results

4 Ability Results

5 Engagement Results

6 Assessment Details

7 Assessment Methodology

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  2/12

1. About This Report

This report is based on a decade of research into high-potential programmes and the qualities that 
distinguish those individuals with the strongest likelihood of rising to and being effective in more senior and 
challenging roles. The report draws on the SHL Model of High-Potential1 and uses a number of assessments 
to identify strengths against key elements of that model.

The SHL Model of High-Potential1

A high-potential individual is a proven high performer with the 
aspiration, ability and engagement to rise to and succeed in more 
senior, critical positions:

Aspiration – to rise to senior roles

Ability – to be effective in more responsible and senior roles

Engagement – to commit to the organisation and remain in challenging roles

What the Report Covers

This report focuses on two of the elements in the SHL model to address critical questions that 
determine individual and high-potential programme success:

Aspiration to rise to a senior managerial or executive position. This is reported through six motivational factors and two 
critical behaviours that SHL and Gartner research shows significantly improve the odds of achieving a senior position in 
organisations. This part of the report addresses the question: 'Who is most likely to successfully rise to a more senior 
position?'

Ability to be effective in more senior managerial and leadership positions. This is reported using the SHL Corporate 
Leadership Model, used by organisations globally, to show future potential against four critical managerial 
(transactional) competencies and four critical leadership (transformational) competencies. This part of the report 
addresses the question: 'Who is most likely to be a top performer in a more senior managerial and leadership role?'

Those with high aspiration and high ability are more likely to be true high-potential individuals. For 
these individuals, the key question is: 'Who is most likely to stay with the organisation?' Guidance 
is provided at the end of this report on how to assess for Engagement using observational 
evidence of the individual’s current commitment to their role and their longer-term attachment to 
the organisation.

The Assessments Used

The report is based on scores from a suite of assessments mapped to the SHL Model of High-Potential1:

Assessment

Aspiration

Ability

Motivation Questionnaire

Occupational Personality Questionnaire

Verify Cognitive Ability Tests

The specific assessments used to generate this report are detailed at the end of this report.

1SHL Model of High-Potential based on research by SHL and Gartner.

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  3/12

2. Assessment Summary

Low

High

The scores shown below summarise the individual’s likelihood of both rising to and being effective in a more 
senior and challenging managerial and leadership role. The sections that follow in this report provide more 
detail on how these two scores were obtained from the assessments administered.

Factors That Drive High-Potential

Aspiration

The likelihood of rising to a more senior managerial and leadership role such as an executive position.

Ability

The likelihood of being effective in a more senior managerial and leadership role.

Key to the Report

Nurture for Today

Nurture for Today and Tomorrow

Strongest Potentials

Individual Score

Notes

The information provided above relates to the individual’s future potential and not their current 
performance. It is based on research across organisations globally that shows how critical aspects of 
motivation and behaviour predict later career outcomes. In the case of this report, those outcomes 
are achieving a senior position such as an executive level, as predicted by the Aspiration score, and 
being a top performer once a senior position has been achieved, as predicted by the Ability score. 

The overall score is not an average of Aspiration and Ability scores. To provide clearer discrimination 
between individuals, the overall score shows where the participant’s combined Aspiration and 
Ability scores place them in the population they have been compared to. This is reported using a 5-
point scale from very low to very high. Details of the population the individual has been compared to 
are given at the end of this report.

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  4/12

3. Aspiration Results

Low

High

Overall Scores

Aspiration

The likelihood of rising to a more senior managerial and leadership role such as an executive position.

How the Aspiration Score Was Calculated

SHL and Gartner research shows that the likelihood of achieving a more senior role is substantially 
increased when individuals are higher on six critical motivational factors and two behaviours that 
enable people to translate those motivations into tangible career success. Details of how the 
individual compares on the critical motivational factors and behaviours are shown below.

Scores on these eight areas have been combined to create an overall Aspiration score. This overall 
score compares the motivational factors and behaviours to a relevant norm group using a scale 
from very low to very high. Details of the population the individual has been compared to are given 
at the end of this report.

Motivational Factors That Drive Aspiration

Autonomy

Working independently and taking the initiative

Flexibility

Less structured and more fluid environments

Immersion

A personal commitment above and beyond the norm

Interest

Work that provides variety, interest and stimulation

Level of Activity

Fast paced environments and time pressure

Power

Responsibility, exercising authority and influencing others

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  5/12

Key Behaviours That Drive Aspiration

Acting on Own Initiative and Taking Responsibility

Uses initiative and assumes positions of responsibility

Achieving Objectives and Pursuing Self-Development

Invests in personal development and pushes for results

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  6/12

4. Ability Results

Low

High

Overall Scores

Ability

The likelihood of being effective in a more senior managerial and leadership role.

How the Ability Score Was Calculated

SHL and Gartner research shows that the likelihood of performing effectively and being effective in a 
future senior managerial and leadership role is dependent on how strong an individual’s talents are 
across Managerial (transactional) and Leadership (transformational) competencies. Details of how 
the individual scores on the Managerial and Leadership competencies compared to a relevant norm 
group are shown below. 

The overall Ability score shown at the top of this page is not an average. To provide clearer 
discrimination between participants, the overall Ability score shows where the individual’s 
combined Managerial score and Leadership score compares to a relevant norm group using a scale 
from very low to very high. Details of the population the individual has been compared to are given 
at the end of this report.

Managerial Ability

Analysing and InterpretingIND

Analysing complex information and applying expertise

Adapting and Coping*

Responding and adapting well to pressure and setbacks

Supporting and Co-operating*

Supporting others and working well with people

Organising and Executing

Planning, working in an organised manner, and focusing on delivery

Overall Managerial Ability

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  7/12

Leadership Ability

Creating and ConceptualisingIND

Producing innovative ideas and thinking strategically

Interacting and Presenting*D

Communicating with, persuading, and influencing others

Leading and Deciding

Initiating action, giving direction, and taking responsibility

Enterprising and PerformingID

Focusing on results and achieving goals

Overall Leadership Ability

* These competencies relate to Emotional Intelligence
I N D Competencies that can include scores from ability tests. I: Inductive. N: Numerical. D: Deductive.

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  8/12

5. Engagement Results

Why Assess Engagement?

In addition to Aspiration and Ability, it is also critical for organisations to evaluate an individual’s level 
of Engagement for two key reasons:

Return on Investment: Organisations need to be assured that their investment in high-potential 
individuals will provide a return over time. They need to make sure these high-value investments do 
not leave to join competitors. At their core, high-potential programmes are an investment in the 
organisation’s most promising and valuable talent. With resources scarce, these programmes need 
to direct investment to individuals who are engaged in their work, committed to the organisation, 
and likely to remain with their organisation.

Managing High-Potential Engagement Risks: SHL and Gartner research shows that effective high-
potential programmes use practical and straightforward steps to manage engagement levels. They 
equip managers to identify engagement risks and evaluate individuals' emotional and rational 
commitment to the organisation. Moreover, progressive organisations protect their investment in 
high-potentials by formally asking individuals entering their programmes to recognise the 
company’s investment in them and commit to the organisation.

Engaged high-potentials are twice as likely to stay with the organisation as those who display low engagement.

High-potential individuals must have strong commitment to the organisation and to building a 
career with their employer to increase their likelihood of staying and being engaged in future, more 
senior roles.

When measuring an individual’s level of Engagement, managers should consider the items below 
(these are not exhaustive and should be complemented with your own). 

Current Engagement – An individual’s emotional and rational commitment based on their 
perceptions of past and present experiences. Managers should consider behaviours such as whether 
an individual:







Displays a high level of interest in their work.

Invests time and energy to do things really well.

Volunteers to do extra work to help others when needed.

Future Engagement – An individual’s emotional and rational commitment based on their 
expectations of their future employment experience. Examples of behaviours that managers should 
consider are whether an individual:



Prioritises the company and team ahead of personal needs or interests.

 Makes plans for personal career growth with the company.



Asks questions that demonstrate interest in the organisation and its success.

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  9/12

6. Assessment Details

The accuracy of this report will depend on the range of assessments used. Customers may choose to use some 
elements of the suite described. A more accurate prediction will be obtained where the full suite of assessments 
has been used.

Motivation Questionnaire

The Motivation Questionnaire (MQ) assesses the energy with which a person approaches tasks and what 
situations are likely to increase or reduce an individual’s motivation. Information from this assessment is 
used in assessing an individual’s Aspiration as defined by the SHL Model of High-Potential1.

Occupational Personality Questionnaire (OPQ32r)TM

The OPQ provides detailed information on 32 specific personality characteristics which underpin an 
individual’s behaviour at work and their performance against key competencies. It is not a test, and is 
primarily concerned with preferences and personal style in the workplace. The questionnaire is not 
infallible and, as with all self-report questionnaires, its accuracy depends on the honesty and frankness 
with which it was completed. Unlike other personality questionnaires, the OPQ is an occupational model 
of personality designed solely for use in a business environment. Information from this assessment is 
used in assessing an individual’s Aspiration and Ability as defined by the SHL Model of High-Potential1.

VerifyTM Cognitive Ability

The Verify Suite of Ability Tests provides information on an individual’s cognitive capacities. The capacity 
to reason deductively, numerically and inductively is critical to Ability as defined by the SHL Model of 
High-Potential1.

1SHL Model of High-Potential based on research by SHL and Gartner.

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  10/12

7. Assessment Methodology

This profile is based on the following sources of information for Sample Candidate1:

Questionnaire / Ability Test

Comparison Group

OPQ32r UK English v1 (Std Inst)

OPQ32r UK English General Population 2012 (INT)

MQ UK English v1 (Std Inst)

MQM5 UKE UK General Population 2000

Verify Interactive - G+ - UKE

Interactive G+ General Composite (INT) v1

About This Report

This report was generated using the SHL Online Assessment System. It includes information from the 
Motivational Questionnaire TM (MQ) and Occupational Personality Questionnaire TM (OPQ32). The use of 
these questionnaires and tests are limited to those people who have received specialist training in its 
use and interpretation.

The report herein is generated from the results of these questionnaires and tests answered by the 
respondent(s) and substantially reflect the answers made by them. Due consideration must be given to 
the subjective nature of questionnaire-based ratings in the interpretation of this data.

This report has been generated electronically - the user of the software can make amendments and 
additions to the text of the report.

SHL Global Management Limited and its associated companies cannot guarantee that the contents of 
this report are the unchanged output of the computer system. We can accept no liability for the 
consequences of the use of this report and this includes liability of every kind (including negligence) for 
its contents.

www.shl.com

Disclaimer: © 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. SHL and OPQ are trademarks registered in the United Kingdom and 
other countries.

This report has been produced by SHL for the benefit of its client and contains SHL intellectual property. As such, SHL permits its 
client to reproduce, distribute, amend and store this report for its internal and non-commercial use only. All other rights of SHL are 
reserved.

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  11/12

Person Detail Section

Name

Sample Candidate1

MQ Participant Data

E1=3, E2=7, E3=7, E4=3, E5=6, E6=4, E7=5, S1=8, S2=9, S3=7, S4=7, S5=9, I1=1, 
I2=4, I3=8, X1=7, X2=7, X3=9.

OPQ Participant Data

RP1=7, RP2=6, RP3=3, RP4=6, RP5=6, RP6=4, RP7=5, RP8=5, RP9=5, RP10=4, 
TS1=7, TS2=2, TS3=5, TS4=7, TS5=7, TS6=6, TS7=6, TS8=5, TS9=6, TS10=7, TS11=4, 
TS12=6, FE1=9, FE2=6, FE3=7, FE4=4, FE5=6, FE6=7, FE7=6, FE8=6, FE9=5, 
FE10=5, CNS=1.

Report

High-Potential Assessment Report

High-Potential Assessment Report

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  12/12
