Title: Interviewing and Hiring Concepts (U.S.)
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/interviewing-and-hiring-concepts-u-s/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: Yes
Test Type: K
Languages: English (USA),
Job Levels: Front Line Manager, Manager,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 15 to 35

Description:
The Interviewing and Hiring Concepts (U.S.) test measures knowledge of the interviewing  and hiring process. Designed for all employees and hiring managers, this test covers the following topics: Behavior Traits, Behavioral Interviewing, Candidate Fit, Interview Quality Control, Job Analysis, Legal Compliance, Probing Skills, Screening, Situational Interviews, and Types of Interviews.

PDF Text:
Interviewing and Hiring Concepts (U.S.) 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Interviewing and Hiring Concepts (U.S.) test measures the candidate's knowledge of the 
interviewing and hiring process. Designed for the typical employee and/or hiring manager, this test 
covers the following topics: Situational Interviews, Candidate Fit, Probing Skills, Types of Interviews, 
Legal Compliance, Behavioral Interviewing, Job Analysis, Behavior Traits, Interview Quality Control, 
and Screening. 

Job Family/Title 

HR Professionals/Hiring Managers 

Details 

Average Testing Time (minutes) 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

Maximum Number of Questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

23 minutes 

90 minutes 

30 questions 

One 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Multiple Choice - Adaptive 

Human Resources 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

Measures knowledge of the interviewing and hiring process. The following areas are covered: 

  Situational Interviews 

  Candidate Fit 

  Probing Skills 

 

 

Types of Interviews 

Legal Compliance 

  Behavioral Interviewing 

 

Job Analysis 

  Behavior Traits 

 

Interview Quality Control 

  Screening 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 1 

www.shl.com
