Title: Managerial Scenarios Candidate Report
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/managerial-scenarios-candidate-report/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: B
Languages: nan
Job Levels: Front Line Manager, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor,
Assessment Length: nan

Description:
Managerial Scenarios is a unique test of Managerial Judgement - an individual’s ability to decide on effective ways of handling real life situations. It consists of hypothetical scenarios, each followed by several possible responses. Candidates rate the effectiveness of each response, using a 6-point scale, from highly undesirable to highly desirable. It can be used for recruitment, selection, training and development, performance management and coaching in a variety of functions and industries.

Reports available:

Management Scenarios Narrative Report:  A participant focused report that contains;  
 - Management Scenarios profile
 - Detailed narrative feedback of each of the 4 scales;  Managerial Judgement, Managing Objectives, People Management and Reputation Management.
 - Table of scores for each of the 6 style scales;  Big picture, Delegative, One-to-one, Team, Personal recognition and Company Protocol.
 - Detailed narrative feedback report (with development tips) for each of the 6 style scales.

Management Scenarios Candidate Report:  A report to share with the candidate that contains: 
 - Detailed narrative feedback of each of the 4 scales;  Managerial Judgement, Managing Objectives, People Management and Reputation Management.
 - Table of scores for each of the 6 style scales;  Big picture, Delegative, One-to-one, Team, Personal recognition and Company Protocol.
 - Detailed narrative feedback report (with development tips) for each of the 6 style scales.

Management Scenarios Profile:  Displays all scores on these scales in terms of four types of norm system; T-scores, Percentiles, Stens and Grades.

PDF Text:
Scenarios 

Management Scenarios 
Candidate Report 

Name 
Mr Sample Candidate 

Date 
03 October 2018 

SHL.com 

 
 
Introduction 

Increasingly managerial judgement is seen as an important skill for individuals in organisations, regardless of 
whether they have the formal job title of ‘manager’. The Scenarios test assesses Managerial Judgement – an 
individual’s ability to evaluate ‘real-life’ managerial situations and decide on appropriate and effective ways of 
handling them. It assesses an individual’s current level of judgement, but it can also be used to provide 
feedback on how to improve performance in this area.  

The ideal answers to the test’s questions have been derived from the opinions of managerial experts and then 
validated by over 20 different research studies involving more than 16,000 managers and professionals from 8 
different world regions. In general terms, those with more Managerial Judgement focus on the big picture, 
delegate, tackle staff issues and place the needs of the organisation ahead of their own and immediate team’s 
needs. 

This report is based upon your performance on Scenarios. It measures your ability to deal effectively with a 
range of managerial situations by presenting you with a number of different work scenarios followed by a 
number of possible responses and asking you to rate each of the responses for their effectiveness in dealing 
with that scenario. Your responses have been compared with those of a large and appropriate comparison 
group.  

The report should be treated confidentially. The shelf life of the information contained in this report is 
considered to be 18-24 months, depending upon your work role and personal circumstances. 

COMPARISON GROUP 

Scenarios Management Edition 2012: UK Group

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

2 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGERIAL JUDGEMENT AND SUBSCALES 

The overall Managerial Judgement scale provides an assessment of your current level of judgement. 
Individuals who score strongly on the scale are demonstrating practical managerial skills, and are therefore 
more likely to cope well with the demands of a real life managerial role. 

This scale is then broken down into three areas, or sub-scales, Managing Objectives, People Management and 
Reputation Management. Each of these sub-scales examines Managerial Judgement in a more specific area 
than the overall scale. 

These three sub-scales and the overall scale are scored against a set of correct answers. Research shows that 
the nearer an individual’s responses are to these correct answers, the higher their level of managerial 
effectiveness will be. 

Managerial Judgement 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Less effective at weighing up 
managerial situations. 

Effectively weighing up managerial 
situations and deciding on ways of 
handling them. 

 The overall Managerial Judgement scale provides an assessment of your current level of judgement. 
Individuals who score strongly on the scale are demonstrating practical managerial skills, and are therefore 
more likely to cope well with the demands of a real life managerial role. 

Taking into account your responses to all the questions in the test, and comparing you with the group, the 
indication is that there is considerable scope for you to develop your managerial judgement. This may be 
because you have had little experience of dealing with real-life managerial situations, or perhaps because you 
tend not to reflect greatly on the impact of your actions as a manager. Alternatively, because your current role 
may be making it difficult for you to manage effectively, you may have picked up some bad habits. Regardless 
of the reason, you need to consider the longer-term consequences of your actions on the systems and people 
around you. Try experimenting with some of the suggestions in this report and being responsive to feedback. 

Managing Objectives 

Less effective use of one’s 
energies at work. Less emphasis 
on wider organisational objectives 
and delegation. 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Making the best possible use of 
one’s energies at work. 

 The Managing Objectives subscale measures an individual’s ability to make the best possible use of their 
energies at work. It assesses the extent to which you can, on a day-to-day basis, sort out the important from 
the trivial, and hence decide where best to place your efforts. 

When compared to the group, it appears that, whilst you have skills in aligning yourself and others towards 
meeting the objectives of the organisation, there is still considerable scope to improve how you expend your 
energies at work. Prioritisation is one area that you may need to look at. Alternatively, you may need to 
consider how your actions impact on the wider objectives of those around you. You need to be more critically-
focused on what you are doing, and whether it is truly important - not just to yourself and your team, but to the 
organisation as a whole.

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

3 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
People Management 

Less effective at handling staff 
and/or team issues. 

Effectively managing a team of 
direct reports. 

Low 

Medium 

High 

 The People Management subscale measures your ability to effectively manage a team of direct reports. 
Scenarios assesses the extent to which you are able to deal with a range of team and individual problems 
whilst maintaining motivation and performance. 

When compared to the group, it appears that there is considerable scope for you to improve your managerial 
judgement on staffing issues and problems. You need to reflect on how you view your team generally, and 
whether you afford them the same respect that you would grant yourself. Reprimanding staff or dismissing 
problems is only likely to lead to longer-term issues, as team members become reluctant to disclose future 
mistakes or problems. 

Reputation Management 

Less effective with reputation 
management. Places own and 
team’s needs ahead of those of 
the organisation. 

Low 

Medium 

High 

Awareness of how to manage one’s 
reputation in an organisation. 

 The Reputation Management subscale measures a balance of skills which allow an individual to manage their 
reputation within an organisation, whilst also serving the long-term interests of that organisation. As such, the 
subscale measures an awareness of the politics that characterise much of organisational life. 

Comparison with the group indicates that there is considerable scope to improve the way you manage your 
reputation in the organisation. Factors for you to consider include whether you have a strong tendency to place 
your personal and team goals above the objectives of the organisation, and whether you have a strong 
tendency to adopt a more independent approach to work rather than working within normal reporting lines.

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

4 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JUDGEMENT ELEMENTS 

Each subscale area is supported by two related "element" scales, which give valuable information about how 
you can develop your managerial judgement. 

Big Picture 

Low 

More inclined than their peers to 
focus on immediate team 
objectives. Advocates less 
networking and consultation on 
wider objectives and decisions. 
 Part of Managing Objectives is concerned with judging the Big Picture – the extent to which you: 

Advocates wide consultation with 
other teams on objectives and 
decisions. Lines up own efforts 
behind wider organisational 
objectives. 

Medium 

High 

● 

   Consult with others on what needs to be achieved 

● 

   Line up your efforts behind central/key issues of the organisation 

● 

   Direct your attention to longer term objectives and wider issues 

High scorers on the Big Picture Element tend to adopt the above style, whilst those scoring low focus more on 
immediate team objectives and consult less with colleagues on wider organisational aims and decisions. 

On the Big Picture Element, your results indicate that you tend to balance the immediate tasks that you and 
your team face with organisation-wide objectives and decisions. Much of the time, this approach will stand you 
in good stead, allowing you to deliver immediate high quality results whilst retaining some focus on wider 
organisational issues and objectives. You would benefit from spending more time focusing on organisation-
wide issues, perhaps by networking and consulting more widely outside of your team. This would make it 
easier for you to prioritise between immediate team demands and involvement in broader initiatives. 

Specific development advice on Managing Objectives: Big Picture based on your answers to 
particular test questions 

 

In establishing the priorities and objectives of your team for the coming business period, you might try 
giving more weight to the opinions and needs of key customers, for example, those who have 
significant dealings with your team. 

  You might try developing your ideas and identifying the important issues that need tackling by piloting 

these in advance of meetings with senior managers, so that you have something positive to present.

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

5 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delegative 

Low 

Medium 

More inclined than their peers to 
work with detail, take things on 
personally and “do” rather than 
manage. Less prioritising and 
delegating. 
 Part of Managing Objectives (deciding where to place your effort) is concerned with achieving immediate, short-
term results – dealing with ‘local’ or day-to-day situations that may affect only part of the organisation. The 
Delegative Element is concerned with the extent to which you: 

Avoids detail, tends to involve 
others and to delegate. Distils out 
and tackles important tasks and 
sets self priorities. 

High 

● 

   Effectively delegate and prioritise activities 

● 

   Avoid detail and identify important tasks 

High scorers on the Delegative Element tend to adopt the above approach, and tend to spend less effort on the 
detail. Those with low scores tend to tackle things personally, work with detail and in isolation from the rest of the 
organisation. 

On the Delegative Element, your responses would suggest that you tend to take tasks on personally, rather 
than managing others to achieve the required results. This approach requires considerable personal effort and 
energy to sustain, but can produce high quality work on day-to-day activities and short term objectives. The 
drawbacks of this style are that you may make insufficient use of delegation and may accept too much 
personal responsibility for the work of others. Additionally, you may personally be focusing on too much detail. 
Try adopting a more 'relaxed' approach to task management and allow staff to be more responsible for their 
own work quality. 

Specific development advice on Managing Objectives: Delegative, based on your answers to 
particular test questions 

 

In establishing priorities and objectives for the team, you may find it worthwhile to make use of your 
manager’s views to understand how they see your team’s work fitting in with other areas of the 
organisation. 

  Consider how you can best establish priorities with your key staff and hold them accountable. 

  You could make more use of your line-manager as a legitimate source of effecting change and 

influencing decisions within the organisation. Consider how you can provide some viable solutions that 
might influence your manager to take action.  

  Be clear when procedures must be followed and work with them by offering practical tips for 

improvements that can be shared with other departments. 

  Consider how you deal with difficult individuals who are none-the-less competent workers. Avoid taking 
them off the assignments as that might not solve anything. Rather, keep them on and work with them 
by monitoring their progress and addressing issues that might arise. 

General development advice for individuals wanting to develop their judgement in the area of 
Managing Objectives 

  As a manager, ensure that the efforts of you and your team are lined up behind the central or key aims 

of your organisation. If these are not clear, consult with others on what needs to be achieved. 

  Ensure that you are not seen to operate in isolation. Appreciate the benefits of wide consultation and 

networking in order to achieve better all-round business results. Build effective relationships with other 
departments through peer networks and encourage your staff to do the same. 

 

It can be easy to get drawn into tackling a number of short term issues and challenges. Remember 
whenever you can to direct your attention to longer term objectives and wider issues. 

  Work with others to set clear expectations. Involve staff to decide on what they should be delivering. Is 

your manager clear about your goals? Do your customers have clear service expectations? 

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

6 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  As a manager, remember to continually prioritise and delegate. Ask yourself whether you are the best 
person to tackle this task, or to work with the detail. Could you delegate, should you be leaving the 
detail to others? 

 

In demanding roles it is not possible to attempt to do everything to time, quality and costs, so prioritise 
by identifying what is most important and worth doing in terms of tangible benefit to your organisation, 
and what urgent issues need to be addressed. Do not be afraid to say “No”. Involve your people so that 
there is ownership and effective delegation.

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

7 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
One-to-One 

Low 

Medium 

More inclined than their peers to 
reprimand, ignore or replace an 
individual who has performance or 
motivational issues. Offers less 
support or coaching. 
 Part of People Management (effectively managing a team of direct reports) involves dealing with staff members 
on a one-to-one basis. The One-to-One Element is concerned with the extent to which you are willing to: 

Tackles an individual who has 
motivation and performance issues, 
offers support and coaching whilst 
emphasising the need to meet 
objectives. 

High 

● 

   Coach staff members with performance and motivational issues, rather than giving up on them or 

automatically reprimanding them 

High scorers on the One-to-One Element tend to adopt the above style, whilst those scoring low are more 
inclined to reprimand or ignore individuals with performance or motivational issues. 

On the One-to-One Element, it appears that you tend to take a firmer line than most of your peers with a poorly 
performing individual, tackling performance and motivational issues with reprimands, replacement or by simply 
leaving the individual to settle down. This approach may help you to achieve short-term results, but at the risk 
of high staff turnover and dissatisfaction. You may find that your style is quite effective in the 'latter' stages of 
dealing with a performance issue, i.e. after support and coaching have failed to bring about improvements. 
However, you run the risk of adopting this style too early, and perhaps being a little impatient with staff. You 
may tend to give up on them rather than search for a way to bring about improvement. You could achieve 
substantial long-term improvements in the performance and motivation of individuals through greater use of 
support and coaching. 

Specific development advice on People Management: One-To-One Element based on your answers to 
particular test questions 

 

In dealing with disgruntled members of staff e.g. a person who has responded badly to being passed 
over for promotion, try to do something positive that will improve the situation rather than to just simply 
rely on time to resolve the issue. 

  Ensure that you consult staff before changing their roles. Check that they are comfortable with the new 

roles, even if you think that you are giving them greater or better responsibilities. 

  Avoid communicating your negative opinions about an individual’s work and making harsh judgements 

and inappropriate decisions based on this. You risk permanently switching them off and demotivating 
them. Consult with them, showing empathy and understanding and work out together a way forward. 

 

If a staff member needs to be approached about poor performance, never do this in front of other staff. 
Always treat staff with the respect and professionalism you would expect to be shown yourself. 

  You might be a little too quick to dismiss staff who are experiencing performance problems. Try to 

persevere and understand the current difficulties and how the individual might be supported in order to 
overcome the difficulty or to improve their work. 

  Ensure that you support new supervisors to develop their supervisory skills so that they can manage 
their staff effectively. You might be tempted to do this for them because it is easier and you can do it 
better, whilst you send them to attend some of your many meetings. This might be a short-term 
solution but it is not effective in the long-term. 

  You may, at times, be a little too quick to sideline newly promoted staff who are experiencing 

performance problems. It is important to demonstrate that you have faith in them and also to send the 
right message to the rest of the team by taking personal responsibility for developing them.

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

8 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Team 

Low 

High 

Medium 

May give the team the impression 
of being unable or unwilling to 
tackle, clarify or consult on team 
motivation and performance 
issues. 
 Part of People Management (managing a team of direct reports) involves managing team motivation and 
performance problems. Whilst the One-to-One Element looks at your judgement in dealing with individual staff 
members, the Team Element looks at your judgement in working at the team level. It is concerned with the extent 
to which you: 

Consults on, clarifies and tackles 
team motivation and performance 
problems, promotes and maintains 
team motivation. Communicates 
and consults on change. 

● 

   Consult on and clarify team motivation and performance problems, rather than ignoring them or dealing 

with them by using reprimands 

● 

   Undertake to act on issues on behalf of the team where appropriate 

High scorers on the Team Element tend to adopt the above style whilst those scoring low are more inclined to 
ignore team issues and motivation problems, tackle issues with reprimands and make decisions without 
consulting the team. 

On the Team Element, you have a tendency to press ahead personally with decisions, and are more likely than 
your peers to ignore team issues and motivational problems, or to tackle them by challenging the team 
members who raised them. This approach may be quite effective in a crisis, in time-pressured situations or 
after extensive debate with the team, but will lead to low motivation and high staff turnover if used on a regular 
basis. The drawback of this approach is that you remain largely task-focused, and may miss opportunities to 
improve the performance and motivation of the team. Try consulting on and clarifying these motivation and 
performance problems with the team, undertaking to act on these where appropriate. 

Specific development advice on People Management: Team Element based on your answers to 
particular test questions 

  You may occasionally let yourself and the team down by electing to do nothing to challenge senior 
management in situations clearly requiring action because you are too cautious or over-rate the 
likelihood of negative consequences. Hence, you need to demonstrate more commitment to take firm 
action. 

  When there are changes to working practices consider how you can involve the team to determine 

what support they require to enable things to be effective. 

  You might try initially adopting a more investigative approach to any obvious decline in your team’s 

performance and morale rather than starting with a strong, disciplinary line. 

  You might need to consider the effect on your team’s morale of you stating that as their manager, you 

are powerless to tackle unpopular changes to their work practices. 

  Don’t take on work yourself in order to avoid a staff issue or to avoid upsetting the team. It may 

preserve harmony in the short term, but invariably causes more problems later. 

  Appreciate that there are often complex political agendas to deal with. You need to be resilient and 
deal with the political sensitivities and influences as best as you can, but ensuring that important 
deadlines are met. 

  Be conscious that you exert a powerful influence over your staffs’ perceptions, so do not communicate 

your cynicism for other parts of the organisation to your staff. 

  You should take more direct responsibility for supporting and coaching members of your team and to 

trust them in your absence. So it may not be that appropriate to ask another external manager to check 
on your team in your absence. 

 

It is important for you to align your management role to the wider business objectives and priorities 
rather than simply concentrating on detailed staffing issues within your team. 

General development advice for individuals wanting to develop their judgement in the area of 
People Management 

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

9 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Try fine-tuning your ability to read people situations at work. Think through how effective your potential 

decisions might be. Put yourself in the other person’s perspective. Ask others what they think. 

  Understand the demands that the organisation places on people and what aspects might create 

frustration, concern, or worry for them e.g. workload issues, rumours of organisational change. 

  Focus more on understanding individuals, their preferences and their needs. Also, the same applies for 
different groups of people who might have different cultures and backgrounds. Link this to appreciating 
what their needs and motivations might be. 

  As a manager it is too easy to sort things out for other people and hence to make speedy progress – 

and there are times where this is the right thing to do. However, see your role as ‘growing your people’. 
So invest quality time to coach, support, and getting to know the aspirations of your people. This takes 
longer, and the benefits may not be immediate, but the investment will pay dividends as their talent 
grows. 

  Take the lead in resolving team motivation and morale issues. People look to their manager for signs 

that things can improve and can be tackled / resolved. 

  Ensure that you deal with identified issues as often it might appear easier to do nothing. Try to 

understand the issue from the other person’s perspective by allowing them to convey their thoughts. 
Be adaptable – as everyone is different. 

  As a manager of people appreciate that sustained team success equates to keeping your team 

positively motivated. Hence, review things you have done that might have demotivated people in the 
past. Capture the things you have done that has motivated or inspired people.

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

10 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
Personal Recognition 

Low 

Medium 

High 

More likely to feel the need to 
actively influence their own image 
within the organisation. May 
overestimate the importance of 
demonstrating own achievements 
and personal contributions. 

Takes a balanced approach in 
attempting to manage their own 
image within the organisation. May 
overestimate the importance of 
letting results speak for themselves 
rather than occasionally highlighting 
own achievement. 

 Part of Reputation Management concerns judgements around your career – when to pursue self-promotion and 
your own career plans at work, and when to place the organisation’s needs first. The Personal Recognition 
Element is concerned with the extent to which you: 

● 

   Place organisational objectives ahead of your own advancement 

● 

   Value colleague relationships and the best interests of the organisation ahead of promotion 

● 

   Tackle work activities that correspond to organisational need, rather than personal interest 

High scorers on the Personal Recognition Element tend to adopt the above approach, whilst those scoring low 
tend to over-promote themselves and place impression management above organisational objectives. High 
Personal Recognition scores are generally desirable. 

On the Personal Recognition Element, your responses indicate a strong tendency to seek opportunities to 
promote your own achievements and to manage the impression you create in the organisation. Whilst you are 
likely to be adept at building a career for yourself within the organisation, you may tend to over-estimate the 
importance of doing so. You could benefit from putting work objectives and colleague working relationships 
above your own advancement more often. You might also consider focusing more on key organisational results 
as a way of building a positive reputation with others. 

Specific development advice on Reputation Management: Personal Recognition based on your 
answers to particular test questions 

  When re-motivating a member of staff, you might need to do more than simply emphasising their 

career advancement as a means of encouraging them. 

  Be aware of attempting to outdo your peers to impress your manager. Rather, try to work effectively 

with peers to demonstrate your ability to achieve results with others. 

  An important philosophy of working in large organisations is that ‘one reaps what one sows’ in the long 
term. If you make decisions on behalf of the organisation primarily to benefit yourself personally rather 
than the organisation, then it is likely to have negative consequences in the future. 

  Distributing your written communications to senior managers not directly involved in your work might 

get you noticed, but potentially for the wrong reasons. 

  You may be limiting your own career and development by preferring to focus on projects that you find 

intellectually stimulating, rather than those valued by the organisation as a whole. So ensure you select 
your projects based on organisational needs. 

  Appreciate that there can be benefits to your career of being closer (via key tasks and projects) to 

influential people and having more control of resources. 

  Although not the main consideration when turning round the performance of a department, you should 
nevertheless ensure there is brief communications to senior management so that they are aware of 
these performance improvements. You may be doing yourself a disservice by not doing so.

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

11 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Protocol 

Low 

High 

Medium 

More focused on outcomes and 
less concerned about procedures 
and protocols. May prioritise own 
or team’s needs ahead of other 
managers’ needs or the tackling of 
the organisation’s collective 
problems. 
 Part of Reputation Management (managing one’s reputation within an organisation, whilst also serving the long-
term interests of that organisation) involves working and influencing within a managerial and team-based 
environment. The Company Protocol Element is concerned with the extent to which you are willing to: 

More likely to focus on reaching 
decisions and achieving objectives 
through established protocol. More 
willing to accommodate the needs 
of other managers and to tackle the 
organisation’s collective problems. 

● 

   Operate within reporting lines when influencing and acting 

● 

   Put yourself out to tackle/challenge issues for the good of the organisation as a whole 

● 

   Be tactful, honest and objective about issues with senior individuals and colleagues 

High scorers on the Company Protocol Element tend to adopt the above style, whilst those scoring low tend to 
put themselves and their team’s needs first, rather than acting in the best interests of the organisation, may be 
highly independent and may influence via non-consensual channels. High Company Protocol scores are 
generally desirable. 

On the Company Protocol Element, you selected responses showing a strong individualistic or independent 
tendency. You may act in line with your own way of seeing the world and possibly outside of accepted 
standards of operating with bosses and peers in other teams and departments. Additionally, you may 
frequently find the procedures you are required to work within frustrating, and tend to take actions which 
predominately suit your own and your team's needs rather than those of the wider organisation. Your style can 
be effective for achieving results and action in the short term because you are not constrained by standard 
organisational practices. However, in doing so you may upset others and develop a reputation for being 
something of a maverick. 

Specific development advice on Reputation Management: Company Protocol based on your answers to 
particular test questions 

 

In discussing your working relationship with your manager, check your style of communication and 
ensure that it does not come across as slightly confrontational. For example, instead of suggesting that 
they are being unreasonable, try moving the discussion to clarify specific objectives, goals, and 
responsibilities. 

  For new areas or where the standards are not yet established, ensure that you make efforts to have 

yours and other people’s important work carefully checked by another competent person before it goes 
out.  

 

If your manager is not happy with your work try to resolve the issue by speaking with the manager. 
Even if you think the manager is being unfair, try to see if there are useful pointers for you to help you 
raise your performance and to accept the manager’s need for such high standards. 

  You may be missing opportunities to progress an important issue for your team and the organisation 

because you see action as pointless and/or futile in some situations. 

  Although leaving a situation to reach breaking point may be a powerful way of demonstrating to 

management just how problematic a particular business area has become, it will do your reputation as 
a manager, and the organisation as a whole, little good in the long-term. You may need to re-think the 
effectiveness of such a tactic. Communicating the problem early on, and providing possible solutions 
might be a better tactic. 

  When beginning a career in a new organisation, deliberately pushing boundaries as a way of testing 

your authority and what you can “get away with” might have a negative effect on your reputation. How 
will others view this, especially if they don’t yet know you? 

  You may be pressured by senior managers applying influence on you over key decisions. You might 
get wrapped up in organisational politics, but you will need to hold firm to what you need to do and to 
make the right decisions for the good of the wider organisation rather than keeping a senior manager 

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

12 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
happy. Ensure that you use the appropriate formal channels of communications to manage the 
potential politics. 

 

It is important for you and your team to support important organisational initiatives, even where such 
initiatives might be seen to have little direct relevance to your own team’s main area. 

  You might like to apply a tactic of stating a commitment without really being committed e.g. by 

deliberately not offering specific details or dates for when you can help. Be more assertive, state “yes” 
or “no” and give your reason. If you promise to help, then show full commitment and keep your 
promises. 

  You may wish to consider the image you will create if you try to re-negotiate delivery on organisational 

objectives because in your opinion, your team is not up to it. 

General development advice for individuals wanting to develop their judgement in the area of 
Reputation Management 

  Remember to focus on key organisational results, rather than on your own promotion and 

advancement, as a way of building a positive reputation with others. 

  Understand how to best make an impact with key people within the organisation i.e. learning when to 
let results speak for themselves, and when you need to promote or sell your skills and successes. 
Occasionally it is appropriate to draw others’ attention to your achievements. However, focusing on 
maintaining good working relationships with colleagues and on key organisational issues is usually 
better. 

  Making fair corporate decisions will earn you a good reputation. Corporate decision making involves 

making decisions that benefit the whole organisation and support the majority or the wider team – even 
if it means it might be at your own or your immediate team’s expense. 

  Focus on the wider corporate good rather than on defending or protecting your own area, or getting 

side-tracked into internal disputes and office politics which detract from supporting the organisation’s 
objectives. 

  Ensure that you use the appropriate channels, reporting relationships, and abide by standards to tackle 

issues promptly so that the integrity and reputation of the organisation is preserved. 

  Be a good role model and consistently support the organisation and support new initiatives or 

organisational processes. Also, deal constructively with individuals who do not uphold these values 
and standards.

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

13 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. 

 
 
 
 
About This Report 

This report was generated using SHL’s Online Assessment System. The use of this questionnaire is limited to 
those people who have received specialist training in its use and interpretation. 

The report herein is generated from the results of a questionnaire answered by the respondent(s) and 
substantially reflects the answers made by them. Due consideration must be given to the subjective nature of 
questionnaire-based ratings in the interpretation of this data. 

This report has been generated electronically - the user of the software can make amendments and additions 
to the text of the report. 

SHL Global Management Limited and its associated companies cannot guarantee that the contents of this 
report are the unchanged output of the computer system. We can accept no liability for the consequences of 
the use of this report and this includes liability of every kind (including negligence) for its contents. 

www.shl.com 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved. SHL and OPQ are trademarks registered in the United Kingdom 
and other countries. 

This report has been produced by SHL for the benefit of its client and contains SHL intellectual property. As 
such, SHL permits its client to reproduce, distribute, amend and store this report for its internal and non-
commercial use only. All other rights of SHL are reserved. 

03 October 2018 

Management Scenarios Candidate Report  

 Mr Sample Candidate 

14 of 14 

© 2018 Howard & Choi. All rights reserved.
