Title: Motivation Questionnaire MQM5
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/motivation-questionnaire-mqm5/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: P
Languages: Latin American Spanish, Portuguese (Brazil), Latvian, Danish, Indonesian, Swedish, Turkish, Portuguese, French (Canada), Japanese, Chinese Traditional, Flemish, French (Belgium), Spanish, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Italian, Polish, Romanian, Russian, English International, English (USA), Chinese Simplified, Dutch, Hungarian, Norwegian, Czech, Slovak, English (Australia), Arabic, Korean,
Job Levels: Director, Entry-Level, Executive, Front Line Manager, General Population, Graduate, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor, Supervisor,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = Untimed, approx. 25

Description:
By understanding what motivates their staff, managers can unlock each individual’s full potential and direct their energies more constructively. This questionnaire measures 18 dimensions of an individual’s motivation, and provides a comprehensive understanding of those situations which increase and reduce their motivation.

PDF Text:
Motivation Questionnaire 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Motivation Questionnaire (MQ) assesses what situations are likely to increase or reduce an 
individual’s motivation at work. It provides a comprehensive profile of the motivational factors that affect 
an individual’s performance and their drive to succeed. By understanding what motivates an individual, 
it is possible to unlock each individual’s full potential and direct their energies more constructively. The 
information the MQ provides can help in maximizing the motivation and energy individuals bring to their 
jobs and thereby can have a significant impact on the achievement of their key deliverables. 

The MQ has been redesigned with a new look and feel, providing an enhanced mobile-first candidate 
experience. 

Job Family/Title 

All 

Details 

Average Testing Time (minutes) 

20 - 25 minutes 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

Untimed 

Maximum Number of Questions 

144 questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

One 

Yes 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Normative – Five Point Rating Scale 

Personality 

The 18 dimensions of motivation measured by the assessment are divided into four broad areas: 

•  Energy & Dynamism: the main sources of energy and drive for the individual at work (e.g. 

Competition, Power) 

•  Synergy: the aspects of organizational culture that are important to the individual (e.g. 

Recognition, Personal Principles) 

• 

Intrinsic: the features of tasks that the individual may find satisfying (e.g. Interest, Flexibility) 

•  Extrinsic: the external motivators present in a work environment (e.g. Material Reward) 

Several reports are available for trained and untrained users:  

The Profile Chart: Maps the individual’s motivational drivers against a selected benchmark, and 
indicates key motivators and demotivators. Designed for use by trained users. 

The Employee Motivation Report: Ideal for use by line managers and those concerned with 
employees’ performance and well-being, this report provides an in-depth and easy-to-understand 
evaluation of what motivates and demotivates an individual. It also offers a comprehensive list of tips 
and suggestions for managing the employee’s strongest motivators and demotivators.  

The Candidate Motivation Report: This report allows individuals completing the questionnaire to 
understand what drives their motivation and can encourage them to take greater ownership of their 
development plans. 

The Motivation Pack: The MQ Report pack consists of the Profile Chart, Employee Motivation Report 
and the Candidate Report and is a cost-effective way of ensuring that your organization takes a 
comprehensive approach to understanding what motivates its employees. 

© 2020 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
Instructions, 
Contextual 
Hints & Tips 

Contextual hints and tips to guide the individual as they complete the MQ: 

Example 
Questions 

© 2020 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
