Title: Sales Transformation Report 2.0 - Sales Manager
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/sales-transformation-report-2-0-sales-manager/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: P
Languages: nan
Job Levels: Director, Executive, Front Line Manager, Manager, Supervisor,
Assessment Length: nan

Description:
This report combines insights from the OPQ and a Sales Management questionnaire. It provides an accurate and objective measure of a sales manager’s capability to lead a sales team undergoing a sales transformation process. Insights included in this report include an overall job-fit score, and individual scores and score narratives for the behaviours included in SHL’s Sales Transformation behavioural model.

PDF Text:
Sales Transformation DevelopmentReport - Individual Contributor

Sales 
Transformation 
Recruiter Report

Sales Manager

Candidate Name:

Sample Candidate1

Date:

25.10.2023

Contents

1

Introduction

2 SHL’s Sales Transformation Model

3 Overall Results

4 Sales Transformation Competency Results

5 Other Results

Sales Transformation Recruiter Report - Sales Manager

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  2/9

1. Introduction

Business to business (B2B) sales is a function undergoing a comprehensive and rapid transformation. Many 
sales functions report a struggle to navigate this transformative experience, with sales productivity and talent 
gaps being the two most reported challenges.

Working with our sales assessment customers, SHL have identified three common principles that sales 
organisations will need to address in the modern, digital sales segment:

The External Environment is radically different

TEXT

Data and analytics are at the heart of the global sales transformation. Increasingly, the most 
successful sales organisations demonstrate effective use of analytics tools in their sales processes. 
In parallel, a majority of B2B sales functions have shifted their model from traditional to digital 
sales interactions, and 89% of sales leaders in those functions expect the digital transition to 
accelerate.

Customer Behaviour has changed

As a result of the marked increase in digital sales interactions, the role of the sales professional is 
changing. More than half of the sales process is completed before a sales-person gets involved for 
the first time, and over 70% of B2B buyers state a preference of digital self-service and remote 
interactions. This is countered by buyers needing sellers to collaborate with them in new ways – 
helping to personalise the offer, and simplify the decision-making process.

The Foundational Requirements for sales success have evolved

In this rapidly changing environment, it is unsurprising that the competency building blocks 
required to be a top sales performer are also changing. SHL assessed more than 11,000 B2B sales 
professionals, with two key findings:



Some ‘traditional’ competencies remain critical – for example sales drive, sales focus and 
achievement orientation.

 A new set of emerging competencies differentiate high performers – for example adaptability and 

resilience.

Sales Transformation Recruiter Report - Sales Manager

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  3/9

2. SHL's Sales Transformation Model

Leveraging our insight and research, SHL have developed a tri-factor behavioural model that focuses on the key 
competency drivers for success against each of these three key segments.

Commercial Analytics and Technology Adoption – developing, evaluating and leveraging technical tools and devices to enhance 
commercial execution; a commitment to technology systems and Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software; and the 
use of data to identify patterns and trends to assist with setting prices, finding and securing new business, and establishing 
strategic, long term partnerships with customers.

Remote Work Potential – the tendency to remain focused on key work habits; persisting to close leads; managing resources 
online; following organisational guidelines around work in a remote setting; maintaining enthusiasm; and effectively working 
autonomously.

Personalisation and Value Creation – establishing and utilising effective socialisation; the ability to create rapport; proactively 
connecting customers to targeted information; and creating tailored messages and solutions that resonate with customer needs 
and challenges.

Simplifying and Conveying Complex Information – the ability to simplify complex concepts and ideas while ensuring information 
is delivered to clients in a timely and quality manner. Sellers that are skilled in this area make themselves available to assist 
customers in synthesising information from multiple sources and help determine the key points of understanding required to 
enable buying decisions.

Collaboration and Inspiring Customer Confidence – creating a feeling of partnership with the client; building consensus across 
multiple stakeholders; and helping clients build confidence in their ability to make smart buying decisions, which all foster a 
trusting relationship that establishes a positive environment for future sales opportunities.

Sales Adaptability, Resilience, and Agility – quickly adapting to ambiguity; managing internal and external change; controlling 
negative emotions; remaining productive under pressure; and viewing future opportunities with a positive mindset.

Sales Drive and Achievement Orientation – enthusiasm for identifying and securing new clients; seeking and completing 
demanding sales quotas; and striving to outperform colleagues’ sales.

Commercial Creativity – considering the competitive landscape, revenue, costs, and risks when choosing sales strategies; 
proactively identifying and acting on strategic opportunities; and being open to innovative methods to secure business.

Sales Leadership – leading groups of enterprise sales professionals and delegating work based on skills and potential; motivating 
team members to reach stretch sales goals; setting clear expectations and standards for performance; monitoring work; and 
coaching others to develop their full potential.

Sales Transformation Recruiter Report - Sales Manager

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  4/9

3. Overall Results

Candidate score:

Disclaimer:

33/100 |

Recommended

Information enclosed on these pages is 
confidential in nature and is intended only for 
the person(s) to whom it pertains or other 
authorised individuals.

You must not rely on the information in the 
report as an alternative to certain advice from 
an appropriately qualified professional. If you 
have any specific questions about any 
specific matter you should consult an 
appropriately qualified professional.

Instructions

This report is confidential and its contents are intended to assist in the prediction of a participant’s work behaviour. If you would like 
more information about this interpretive report or other products that SHL offers, please contact your account representative.

Sales Transformation Recruiter Report - Sales Manager

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  5/9

4. Sales Transformation Competency Results

Commercial Analytics and Technology Adoption

This is a measure of the ability to adopt and utilise innovative technologies, coupled with the tendency to 
have a data-driven perspective to assist with sales. The measure is characterised by: developing, 
evaluating and leveraging technical tools and devices to enhance commercial execution; a commitment 
to technology systems and Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software; and the use of data to 
identify patterns and trends to assist with setting prices, finding and securing new business, and 
establishing strategic, long term partnerships with customers.

The candidate is likely to be somewhat uncomfortable with using technical tools to achieve commercial objectives. They are 
likely to avoid learning new software systems (e.g. Customer Relationship Management) that assist those in sales roles. They are 
likely to prefer traditional methods for completing work that are not reliant on digital advancements and changes in the sales 
workplace and may feel awkward communicating through technological systems. They are likely to rely on instinct or feelings 
to help fulfil their sales goals rather than critically evaluating information with commercial data analytics, facts/figures, and 
research.

Remote Work Potential

This is a measure of commercial aptitude in a virtual sales environment and the potential for sales success 
when working remotely over a long period of time. This is characterised by: the tendency to remain 
focused on key work habits; persisting to close leads; managing resources online; following organisational 
guidelines around work in a remote setting; maintaining enthusiasm; and effectively working 
autonomously.

The candidate is likely to perform as well as others in a remote sales role. They are likely to remain energetic and focused on 
closing sales in a virtual setting. They are likely to comply with organizational policies surrounding remote work practices. At 
times, they may be slightly less organized or systematic than when they are working in an office. They are likely comfortable 
with the autonomy of a virtual setting and persist with difficult tasks regardless of the effort required.

Sales Transformation Recruiter Report - Sales Manager

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  6/9

Personalisation and Value Creation

This is a measure of the ability to partner closely with clients and prospects by establishing trusted 
networks and relationships that drive value for the buyer. This measure is characterised by: establishing 
and utilising effective socialisation; the ability to create rapport; proactively connecting customers to 
targeted information; and creating tailored messages and solutions that resonate with customer needs 
and challenges.

The candidate is as likely as others to seek the best value for clients through practical, cost effective, and/or bespoke solutions. 
They are likely to seek to build rapport and trust with their potential and existing clients to drive “win-win” partnerships for both 
organisations. At times, they are likely to control the sales opportunities and can direct the clients to the best solution for their 
needs. They may appear humble and sociable to drive a positive, professional relationship with their clients while demonstrating 
genuine concern for their needs.

Simplifying and Conveying Complex Information

This is a measure of identifying, categorising, and communicating complex information in a manner that 
is easy to understand for enterprise clients. This is characterised by the ability to simplify complex 
concepts and ideas while ensuring information is delivered to clients in a timely and quality manner. 
Sellers that are skilled in this area make themselves available to assist customers in synthesising 
information from multiple sources and help determine the key points of understanding required to 
enable buying decisions.

The candidate is likely to seek to understand the needs of clients and may expend moderate efforts to share sources of 
information that are relevant to their needs. They are likely to speak up when they feel a client is using inaccurate or misleading 
information but may at times not fully correct inaccurate information. They may provide clients with requested documentation 
from one or two sources and would be likely to direct clients to the information that would have the most applicability to their 
needs. At times, they will evaluate and convert complex or lengthy material into easily understood and succinct concepts for the 
client.

Collaboration and Inspiring Customer Confidence

This is a measure of the tendency to create a sense that the sales process has been collaborative, leaving 
the customer with a feeling of confidence. This is characterised by: creating a feeling of partnership with 
the client; building consensus across multiple stakeholders; and helping clients build confidence in their 
ability to make smart buying decisions, which all foster a trusting relationship that establishes a positive 
environment for future sales opportunities.

The candidate is less likely than others to successfully work together with their clients. They are likely to have difficulty 
developing collaborative relationships with clients and may find it challenging to work cohesively with a client. They may fail to 
encourage and support the client with their decision-making processes and may lack the appropriate concern for the client’s 
needs.

Sales Transformation Recruiter Report - Sales Manager

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  7/9

Sales Adaptability, Resilience, and Agility

This is a measure of the likelihood of adapting to a rapidly changing industry and tolerating the pressure 
of a sales role. This measure is characterised by: quickly adapting to ambiguity; managing internal and 
external change; controlling negative emotions; remaining productive under pressure; and viewing future 
opportunities with a positive mindset.

The candidate is likely to find it difficult to adapt to the constant changes in a business-to-business sales environment. They are 
likely to prefer traditional sales methods in their established daily routine. They are likely to be uncomfortable in ambiguous 
situations and unable to guide the buying process for their clients amidst uncertainty. They may experience more stress than 
others when innovative techniques are suggested or implemented for sourcing or closing new business opportunities. They 
may find the pressure to fulfil sales goals overwhelming at times and may express a negative viewpoint to their clients about 
any opportunities or changes.

Sales Drive and Achievement Orientation

This is a measure of the tendency to be motivated by and remain focused on achieving sales goals. This 
measure is characterised by: enthusiasm for identifying and securing new clients; seeking and 
completing demanding sales quotas; and striving to outperform colleagues’ sales.

The candidate is likely to display moderate enthusiasm for setting and pursuing challenging sales goals. They are likely to be 
comfortable with a sales culture that is high energy and fast paced but may, at times, set their own work pace at a more casual 
level. They are likely to be comfortable working independently to develop and attend to different opportunities when required. 
The candidate may not display high energy levels all the time, but is likely to show determination when working on significant 
or high visibility tasks. They are likely to be willing to compete with their peers but may not be highly motivated in a competitive 
environment.

Commercial Creativity

This is a measure of the tendency to consider all commercial factors in the decision-making process. This 
measure is characterised by: considering the competitive landscape, revenue, costs, and risks when 
choosing sales strategies; proactively identifying and acting on strategic opportunities; and being open to 
innovative methods to secure business.

The candidate is as likely as most to identify and secure new business opportunities. They are likely to be motivated and 
energetic in closing their new opportunities and show an awareness of the external factors that can impact business-to-
business partnerships. They are likely to be knowledgeable about their products and services and understand the factors that 
differentiate them from their competitors. They are likely to think ahead and consider adapting their sales strategy based on its 
effectiveness.

Sales Transformation Recruiter Report - Sales Manager

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  8/9

5. Other Results

Sales Leadership

This is a measure of traits that lead to success in a sales management or leadership role. These traits are 
often characterised by: leading groups of enterprise sales professionals and delegating work based on 
skills and potential; motivating team members to reach stretch sales goals; setting clear expectations and 
standards for performance; monitoring work; and coaching others to develop their full potential.

The candidate is somewhat likely to be content with leading and supervising a team of sales professionals. They are likely to 
seek and understand the main sources of motivation for the professionals on their team. They are likely to be aware of their 
team’s strengths and weaknesses and can generally delegate tasks successfully based on that information. They are likely to 
show an interest in their direct reports’ performance, support their developmental opportunities as needed, and provide 
recognition and appreciation for substantial accomplishments on a case-by-case basis. They are likely to provide helpful 
feedback and resolve any poor performance issues as needed.

Sales Transformation Recruiter Report - Sales Manager

© 2023 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. |  9/9
