Title: SHL Verify Interactive – Deductive Reasoning
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/shl-verify-interactive-deductive-reasoning/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: Yes
Test Type: A, S
Languages: Chinese Traditional, Romanian, Turkish, Polish, Greek, Latin American Spanish, Portuguese (Brazil), Japanese, Hungarian, Czech, French (Canada), Slovak, Serbian, English International, English (USA), German, Italian, Indonesian, Korean, Russian, Arabic, Danish, Finnish, Norwegian, Swedish, Estonian, Latvian, Lithuanian, French, Dutch, Chinese Simplified, Spanish, Portuguese,
Job Levels: Graduate, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 20

Description:
Measures the ability to draw logical conclusions based on information provided, identify strengths and weaknesses of arguments, and complete scenarios using incomplete information.

PDF Text:
SHL Verify Interactive – Deductive 
Reasoning 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Verify Interactive suite of assessments, including Deductive reasoning, is a set of assessments 
designed using mobile-first technology. These assessments offer an interactive, business-relevant 
approach to predict workplace performance using engaging, activity-based assessment design that can 
be deployed on any device type, including mobile phones.  

Verify Interactive – Deductive Reasoning is an assessment used for job candidates applying to mid-
level positions that require deductive reasoning ability. It requires a candidate to use their problem 
solving and reasoning skills, by asking them to evaluate arguments, analyse scenarios, and draw logical 
conclusions.  

The Verify Interactive – Deductive Reasoning test utilizes computer adaptive technology, offering the 
following benefits: 

  Shorter testing administration times 

  Ability to offer the test in an unsupervised setting 

  A more precise score 

Job Family/Title 

Verify 

Details 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

18 minutes 

Maximum Number of Questions 

12 questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unsupervised Environment 

One 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Interactive / Activity-based, Adaptive 

Ability & Aptitude 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

The Deductive Reasoning assessment is designed to measure the ability to draw logical conclusions 
based on information provided and complete scenarios using incomplete information. It provides an 
indication of how an individual will perform when asked to develop solutions when presented with 
information and draw sound conclusions from data. This form of reasoning is commonly required to 
support work and decision-making in many different types of jobs at many levels. 

Example 
Question 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
