Title: SHL Verify Interactive G+
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/shl-verify-interactive-g/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: Yes
Test Type: A
Languages: English (USA), Chinese Traditional, Korean, Serbian, Slovak, Spanish, English International, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Finnish, Latvian, Lithuanian, Estonian, Portuguese, Hungarian, Thai, Czech, Polish, Turkish, Portuguese (Brazil), Romanian, Latin American Spanish, Italian, French (Canada), Chinese Simplified, Dutch, German, French, Russian, Indonesian, Greek, Japanese,
Job Levels: Graduate, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 36

Description:
SHL Verify Interactive G+ (SVIG+) is a test of general cognitive ability that also generates accurate assessments of three specific abilities: Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, and Numerical Reasoning. The candidate will see questions measuring all three abilities. Candidates will receive a score on each of the specific abilities as well as a general ability score. This test is appropriate for all job levels, however it is most relevant for positions that require cognitive ability across a range of specific skills. 
Completion time is 36 minutes for the test itself, plus 10 minutes for instructions and practice.

PDF Text:
SHL Verify Interactive – G+ 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Verify Interactive suite of assessments, including G+, is a set of assessments designed using 
mobile-first technology. These assessments offer an interactive, business-relevant approach to predict 
workplace performance using engaging, activity-based assessment design that can be deployed on any 
device type, including mobile phones.  

SHL Verify Interactive G+ is a test of general cognitive ability that also generates accurate assessments 
of three specific abilities: Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, and Numerical Reasoning.  

The Verify Interactive – G+ test utilizes computer adaptive technology, offering the following benefits: 

•  Shorter testing administration times 

•  Ability to offer the test in an unsupervised setting 

•  A more precise score 

Job Family/Title 

Verify 

Details 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

36 minutes 

Maximum Number of Questions 

24 questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unsupervised Environment 

One 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Interactive / Activity-based, Adaptive 

Ability & Aptitude 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The candidate will see questions measuring all three abilities. Candidates will receive a score on each 
of the specific abilities as well as a general ability score. This test is appropriate for all job levels, 
however it is most relevant for positions that require cognitive ability across a range of specific skills.  

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

Example 
Question 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
