Title: SHL Verify Interactive - Inductive Reasoning
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/shl-verify-interactive-inductive-reasoning/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: Yes
Test Type: A, S
Languages: Korean, Japanese, Thai, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese, Chinese Traditional, Indonesian, Russian, Romanian, Polish, Greek, Latin American Spanish, English International, Arabic, Hungarian, Czech, French (Canada), Slovak, Serbian, Turkish, Spanish, Danish, Estonian, Finnish, Latvian, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Swedish, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Chinese Simplified, English (USA),
Job Levels: Professional Individual Contributor, Graduate, Manager, Mid-Professional,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 20

Description:
Evaluates ability to identify specific patterns in data or situations and generalize that information to broader contexts.

PDF Text:
SHL Verify Interactive – Inductive 
Reasoning 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Verify Interactive suite of assessments, including Inductive Reasoning, is a set of assessments 
designed using mobile-first technology. These assessments offer an interactive, business-relevant 
approach to predict workplace performance using engaging, activity-based assessment design that 
can be deployed on any device type, including mobile phones. 

Verify Interactive – Inductive Reasoning is an assessment used for job candidates applying to mid- 
to senior level positions that require inductive reasoning ability. Sample tasks for jobs that may 
require inductive reasoning include but are not limited to troubleshooting, creative problem solving, 
and innovative idea generation. Potential roles that use this ability are Product Development, IT, 
Professional Services, and Management. 

The Verify Interactive – Inductive Reasoning test utilizes computer adaptive technology, offering the 
following benefits: 

• 
• 
• 

Shorter testing and administration times 
Ability to offer the test in an unsupervised setting 
A more precise score 

Job Family/Title 

Verify 

Details 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

Maximum Number of Questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unsupervised Environment 

18 minutes 

15 questions 

One 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Interactive / Activity-based, Adaptive 

Ability & Aptitude 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Inductive Reasoning assessment measures a candidate’s ability to identify patterns within pieces 
of information and generate innovative solutions. The test measures the ability to infer rules, patterns, 
or sequences and then use that information to predict outcomes. The task presents candidates with 
information presented as shapes and alphanumeric sequences. 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

Example 
Question 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
