Title: SHL Verify Interactive Numerical Calculation
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/shl-verify-interactive-numerical-calculation/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: Yes
Test Type: A
Languages: English (USA), English International,
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 10

Description:
The Verify Interactive Numerical Calculation test measures a candidate’s ability to work with numbers and use appropriate mathematics in different situations. The Numerical Ability test requires candidates to understand order of operations, perform numerical calculations, and identify errors in calculations. The Numerical Calculation test, though it is adaptive, is ideal for entry-level jobs that require completing simple numerical calculations quickly and accurately.

PDF Text:
SHL Verify Interactive – Numerical 
Calculation 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Verify Interactive suite of assessments, including Numerical Calculation, is a set of assessments 
designed using mobile-first technology. These assessments offer an interactive, business-relevant 
approach to predict workplace performance using engaging, activity-based assessment design that can 
be deployed on any device type, including mobile phones.  

SHL Verify Interactive - Numerical Calculation test measures a candidate’s ability to work with numbers 
and use appropriate mathematics in different situations.  

The Verify Interactive – Numerical Calculation test utilizes computer adaptive technology, offering the 
following benefits: 

•  Shorter testing administration times 

•  Ability to offer the test in an unsupervised setting 

•  A more precise score 

Job Family/Title 

Verify 

Details 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

10 minutes 

Maximum Number of Questions 

12 questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unsupervised Environment 

One 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Interactive / Activity-based, Adaptive 

Ability & Aptitude 

© 2019 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

The Verify Interactive Numerical Calculation test measures a candidate’s ability to work with numbers 
and use appropriate mathematics in different situations. The Numerical Ability test requires candidates 
to understand order of operations, perform numerical calculations, and identify errors in calculations. 
The Numerical Calculation test, though it is adaptive, is ideal for entry-level jobs that require completing 
simple numerical calculations quickly and accurately.  

Example 
Question 

© 2019 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
