Title: Split Screen Typing Test - Form 1
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/split-screen-typing-test-form-1/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: A, K
Languages: English (USA), English (Australia), English International,
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 6

Description:
This test measures speed and accuracy in typing text presented on the computer screen. In this assessment, the text original is displayed directly above the area in which the test taker must enter the response. The test taker will not need a printed original for the evaluation. This test calculates a score based on the total number of keystrokes, time taken, and number of errors made when typing six passages. This Split Screen Typing Test uses the following method to determine the Net Words Per Minute score: Net Words Per Minute = ((Gross Words Per Minute * Time Taken) - Total Errors) / Time Taken.

PDF Text:
Split Screen Typing Test 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

This test measures speed and accuracy in typing text presented on the computer screen. In this 
assessment, the text original is displayed directly above the area in which the test taker must enter the 
response. The test taker will not need a printed original for the evaluation. This test calculates a score 
based on the total number of keystrokes, time taken, and number of errors made when typing six 
passages. This Split Screen Typing Test uses the following method to determine the Net Words Per 
Minute score: Net Words Per Minute = ((Gross Words Per Minute * Time Taken) - Total Errors) / Time 
Taken. 

Details 

Average Testing Time (minutes) 

6 minute time limit (1 minute per question) The 
candidate is not expected to complete each 
passage. 

Maximum Number of Questions 

6 questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

Question Format 

Product Category 

One 

Yes 

Typing 

Administrative – Clerical  

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

Measures the typing skills in the following areas:  

  Gross Words Per Minute 

  Net Words Per Minute 

 

Total Number of Errors  

  Error Rate 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 1 

www.shl.com
