Title: Verify - Numerical Ability
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/verify-numerical-ability/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: Yes
Test Type: A
Languages: Arabic, Portuguese (Brazil), French (Canada), Chinese Simplified, Czech, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hungarian, Indonesian, English International, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, English (USA), Latin American Spanish, Polish, Serbian, Chinese Traditional, Danish, Thai, Greek,
Job Levels: Director, Entry-Level, Executive, Front Line Manager, General Population, Graduate, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor, Supervisor,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 20

Description:
The next-generation Verify Numerical Ability Test provides a replacement for the existing Numerical Reasoning test in our Verify range of ability tests and the Global Cognitive Index – Adaptive Quantitative test, and measures the ability to:
•	Derive the numerical problem from a written problem
•	Calculate the answer to numerical equations
•	Work with numerical data in a realistic workplace context

The test is 20 minutes long, has 16 items and is designed to provide an indication of how an individual will perform when asked to work with numerical information or statistical details.

PDF Text:
Verify Numerical Ability Test 
Test Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Numerical Ability test is part of the Verify suite of cognitive ability tests. Sample tasks for 
jobs that may require numerical ability include, but are not limited to: working with data, 
mathematical computation, interpretation of graphs and tables, and basic financial analyses. 
The Numerical Ability test, due to its adaptive nature, is appropriate for all job levels and roles. 

Job Family/Title 

Verify 

Details 

Average Testing Time (minutes) 

18-20 minutes 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

Maximum Number of Questions 

20 minutes 

16 questions 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Multiple choice, Adaptive 

Ability & Aptitude 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

The Numerical Ability test is designed to measure the ability to solve problems involving 
numerical data by using the proper mathematical methods and the ability to interpret data 
presented in charts, graphs, and tables. Additionally, this test has been developed to assess the 
ability to understand percentages, fractions, decimals, proportions, basic geometry, basic 
probability, and the ability to compute solutions accurately using addition, subtraction, 
multiplication, and division. This test does not, however, assess numerical sequences, advanced 
geometry, statistics, measurement conversions (e.g., grams to pounds), or any concept that 
requires outside knowledge to solve (all required information is provided in question stems). 

Candidates will be asked to make correct decisions or inferences from numerical or statistical 
data. This ability is commonly required to support work and decision-making in many different 
types of jobs at many levels. 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Example 
Questions 

A car dealership lowered all of its car prices by 15%. 

Given the above information, what was the original price of a car now priced at £9500? 

A.  £8075.00 

B.  £10,925.00 

C .   £11,000.00 

D .   £11,176.47 

E.  £12,322.13 

To answer the question, the candidate must calculate the full price of the car before the 15% discount. 
The price £9500 is 85% of the full price (100%-15%). So, the calculation is the cost of the car post- 
discount divided by 85 (to find 1% of the full price), then multiplied by 100 to obtain the full cost pre- 
discount. So the answer is D: £11,176.47 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
