Title: Verify - Following Instructions
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/verify-following-instructions/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: A
Languages: Latin American Spanish, Arabic, Chinese Simplified, German, French, Italian, Dutch, English (USA), English International,
Job Levels: Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 8

Description:
This test measures a candidate's ability to follow detailed instructions and then select the correct course of action. Candidates are presented with a set of rules and need to choose the appropriate response for various situations based on the rules given.

PDF Text:
Verify Following Instructions 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Verify Following Instructions test measures a candidate's ability to comprehend written rules and 
apply them correctly. Candidates are given information or rules about different work-related scenarios 
and asked to apply those rules to answer questions correctly.  

This type of test is relevant for use where the following tasks are critical aspects of the job: 

• 

• 

• 

Following rules and guidelines 

Interpreting written information 

Applying rules accurately in the correct situations 

This class of test is suitable for a wide range of job types but is especially relevant for entry-level roles. 

Details 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

Maximum Number of Questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

8 

40 

One 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Multiple Choice, Dynamic 

Ability & Aptitude 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

The Following Instructions test is designed to measure the ability to follow detailed instructions. Scores 
provide an indication of how an individual will perform when asked to read and comprehend a set of 
instructions, apply those instructions in different scenarios and make sure every detail of a task is 
completed according to the plan. 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Example 
Question 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
