Title: Verify - Inductive Reasoning (2014)
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/verify-inductive-reasoning-2014/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: Yes
Test Type: A
Languages: Portuguese (Brazil), Chinese Traditional, Chinese Simplified, Czech, Danish, Finnish, French, Hungarian, Indonesian, English International, Italian, Latin American Spanish, Norwegian, Portuguese, Russian, Thai, English (USA), French (Canada), Dutch, Polish, Slovak, Arabic, German, Greek, Japanese, Korean, Romanian, Serbian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish,
Job Levels: Executive, Front Line Manager, General Population, Graduate, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor, Supervisor, Director, Entry-Level,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 24

Description:
Inductive Reasoning is a test used for job candidates applying to jobs at all levels that require logical reasoning ability. Sample tasks for jobs that may require inductive reasoning include, but are not limited to dealing with new concepts and approaches, answering questions of ‘why’ and ‘how’ and resolving complex and ambiguous problems. Potential job titles that use this ability are Senior Sales, Product/Service Development, Research and Development.

PDF Text:
Verify Inductive Reasoning (2014) 

Test Fact Sheet 

Overview 

Inductive Reasoning is a test used for job candidates applying to jobs at all levels that require logical 
reasoning ability. Sample tasks for jobs that may require inductive reasoning include, but are not limited 
to dealing with new concepts and approaches, answering questions of ‘why’ and ‘how’ and resolving 
complex and ambiguous problems. Potential job titles that use this ability are Senior Sales, 
Product/Service Development, Research and Development. 

The Inductive Reasoning test utilizes computer adaptive technology, offering the following benefits: 

  Shorter testing administration time 

  Ability to offer the test in an unsupervised setting 

  A more precise test score 

Job Family/Title 

Verify 

Details 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

Maximum Number of Questions 

24 minutes 

18 questions 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Multiple choice 

Ability & Aptitude 

Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

The Inductive Reasoning test measures a candidate’s ability to draw inferences from, and understand 
relationships between various concepts. It provides an indication of how an individual will perform when 
asked to perform tasks that involve working out the pattern(s) in a set of images, and identifying the 
correct next image from the given options. Because this test uses computer adaptive technology, it is 
suitable for unsupervised assessment. 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Example 
Questions 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
