Title: Verify - Verbal Ability - Next Generation
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/verify-verbal-ability-next-generation/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: Yes
Test Type: A
Languages: English (USA), English International,
Job Levels: General Population, Graduate, Executive, Director, Entry-Level, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor, Supervisor, Front Line Manager,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 15 minutes

Description:
The Verbal Ability test measures the ability to read written passages and comprehend the text, interpret tone and author intent, identify main ideas, and predict author responses. Sample tasks for jobs that may require verbal ability include, but are not limited to: working with reports, correspondence, instructions, and research information. The Verbal Ability test, due to its adaptive nature, is appropriate for all job levels and roles.

PDF Text:
Verify – Verbal Ability 

Assessment Fact Sheet 

Overview 

The Verbal Ability test is part of the Verify suite of cognitive ability tests. Sample tasks for jobs that may 
require verbal ability include, but are not limited to: working with reports, correspondence, instructions, 
and research information. The Verbal Ability test, due to its adaptive nature, is appropriate for all job 
levels and roles.  

The Verbal Ability test utilizes computer adaptive technology, offering the following benefits: 

  Shorter testing administration time 
  Ability to offer the test in an unsupervised setting 
  A more precise test score 

Job Family/Title 

Verify 

Details 

Average Testing Time (minutes) 

13-15 minutes 

Allowed Time (minutes) 

15 minutes 

Maximum Number of Questions 

Number of Sittings 

Designed for Unproctored Environment 

18 

One 

Yes 

Question Format 

Product Category 

Multiple-Choice, Adaptive 

Ability & Aptitude 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 1 of 2 

www.shl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge, 
Skills, Abilities 
and 
Competencies 
Measured 

The Verbal Ability test measures the ability to read written passages and comprehend the text, interpret 
tone and author intent, identify main ideas, and predict author responses. It provides an indication of 
how a person will perform when they are asked to read written materials and respond appropriately. 
This ability is commonly required to support work and decision-making in many different types of jobs at 
many levels. Candidates may be asked to recall details about the text, to make inferences about the 
author’s intent, or to summarize concepts covered in the text. 

Example 
Question 

The recently released Wilder Foundation report, and its prediction that the city's senior population could 
grow as much as 115 percent by the year 2035, might send shivers down the spines of older residents 
everywhere. 

But think about it. This isn't just a senior problem; this is everyone's problem. After all, how old will you 
be then? The big problems will be housing and services. Will there be enough housing? Will services be 
adequate? 

The good news is that the city appears to be moving in the right direction. Not only does it have a 
number of well-established programs in place, but it has encouraged the formation of new programs as 
well. 

What is the main point of the above passage? 

A.  People are getting older all the time. 
B.  There will be a shortage of housing and services by the year 2035. 
C.  The Wilder Foundation report was recently released. 
D.  The city must take steps now to be ready for the year 2035. 

© 2018 SHL and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. | Page 2 of 2 

www.shl.com
