Title: WriteX - Email Writing (Sales) (New)
URL: https://www.shl.com/solutions/products/product-catalog/view/writex-email-writing-sales-new/

Remote Testing: Yes
Adaptive/IRT: No
Test Type: B, S
Languages: English (USA),
Job Levels: Entry-Level, Graduate, Manager, Mid-Professional, Professional Individual Contributor, Supervisor,
Assessment Length: Approximate Completion Time in minutes = 15

Description:
Open response test that evaluates the ability to write proper emails in English. The test provides scores on content, grammar and email etiquette.
 
Your use of this assessment product may be subject to New York City Law 144 (Regulation of the Use of Automated Employment Decision Tools) (dated July 5, 2023). Compliance with Law 144 is your responsibility.
Read more on https://www.shl.com/legal/shl-us-regulatory-compliance/

PDF Text:
AI-Powered  
Language Assessment

Build a multilingual
workforce that thrives.

SHL’s language assessments ensure contact centers, BPOs and global organizations 
can quickly identify, evaluate and recruit the highest skilled candidates.

Faster Hiring 
Decisions

Higher Quality, 
Less Cost

More Candidates 
Assessed 

© 2020 SHL and its affiliates. All rights reserved. TA2000900

Our automated, AI-powered language assessments strengthen 
communication and help you provide more value to customers.

Ensure language proficiency across  
multiple disciplines.
Spoken (SVAR)
AI-driven machine learning evaluates pronunciation, fluency, active 
listening, listening comprehension, vocabulary and grammar 
automatically and instantaneously. Includes CEFR level score (Common 
European Framework of Reference for Languages).

Written (Writex) 
Uses natural language processing (NLP) and AI which closely mimics 
human evaluators to grade written English text in email or essay form. It 
provides objective scores, including CEFR and feedback on the content 
quality and structure, grammar, mechanics and typographical errors. 

Reading Comprehension
Adaptive, multiple-choice test measuring grammar, functional 
vocabulary and reading comprehension

Our results for a global technology client.

Faster Hiring 
Decisions

60%
reduction in time 
to hire

Higher Quality, 
Less Cost

More Candidates 
Assessed 

1400 
hours of recruiting 
hours saved

8,000
 candidates assessed in 
just one month

Leading the way in talent innovation.
Build a multilingual workforce and help your business thrive with SHL’s language 
assessment and talent acquisition solutions. 

Interested in hearing more? Visit shl.com/skillsassessments

© 2020 SHL and its affiliates. All rights reserved. TA2000900
